Honda Vehicles
automobiles.honda.com
                                                                                                                 This is
                                                                                                                 what we’re
                                                                                                                 made of
                                                                                                                 There’s a lot of smart thinking that
                                                                                                                 goes into every Honda. But don’t
                                                                                                                 mistake the attention to detail for a
                                                                                                                 delicate machine. You’d be wrong.
                                                                                                                 Because whether it’s a truck, an SUV
                                                                                                                 or a hatchback, every Honda has
                                                                                                                 always been built with the capacity
                                                                                                                 to shatter expectations of f-road,
                                                                                                                 on-road or at the track.




Ridgeline RTL shown in Lunar Silver Metallic with HPD TM Package.
CRF 250L shown.

Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable load limits and loading guidelines.
Built with
the capacity
to amaze
Every challenge is an opportunity. And every Honda loves a challenge.
It's what drives us to design intelligent all-wheel-drive systems that
can overcome the harshest conditions. And durable engines that are
proven to withstand the test of time.




Ridgeline Sport shown in Radiant Red Metallic II1 with HPD TM Package (left).
Passport TrailSport shown in Lunar Silver Metallic with Honda Genuine Accessories (center).
Pilot Black Edition shown in Crystal Black Pearl with Honda Genuine Accessories (right).      Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable load limits and loading guidelines.
Racing is at
the heart of
what we do
Without racing, we wouldn’t be where we are today. Whether it’s on the
street, the track or down unpaved roads, every Honda is descended
from a racing spirit. That's what drives us to compete and win at the
highest level in motorsports.




Ridgeline Sport shown in Lunar Silver Metallic with HPD TM Package and accessory roof rails.

Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable load limits and loading guidelines.   Baja Ridgeline shown with professional drivers on designated race course.
                                                                                                     i -VTM4® AWD




Powerin a
different kind                                                                                                                 A STRONG STATEMENT




of journey
                                                                                                                               Go ahead, put the Ridgeline to the test.
                                                                                                                               With Intelligent Traction Management and
                                                                                                                               a 5,000-lb towing capacity,2 this pickup has
                                                                                                                               the power to move other off-road vehicles by
                                                                                                                               the truckload. It's also packed with the great
                                                                                                                               thinking you'll only find in a Honda, like a
                                                                                                                               lockable in-bed trunk,® dual-action tailgate
                                                                                                                               and i-VTM4® all-wheel-drive system with four
                                                                                                                               different terrain modes.
                                                                                                                               Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable load
                                                                                                                               limits and loading guidelines.




                                                                                                                    ...
Ridgeline RTL- E shown in Modern Steel Metallic with HPD TM Package and Honda Genuine Accessories.
CRF 450X and Talon 1000X- 4 shown.                                                                                        RIDGELINE
                                                                                                                                                                                              Explore
                                                                                                                                                                                              even
                                                                                                                RUGGED, MEET OUTDOORS

                                                                                                                Boasting a 280-hp 3 engine and Intelligent
                                                                                                                Traction Management,* the redesigned
                                                                                                                Passport is no stranger to the great outdoors.
                                                                                                                And with the ability to traverse all kinds of




                                                                                                                                                                                              further
                                                                                                                terrain, the TrailSport edition's rugged good
                                                                                                                looks add to the excitement no matter what
                                                                                                                trails you’re blazing.
                                                                                                               * Snow mode only on 2WD trims. Snow, Mud and Sand modes on AWD trims.
                                                                                                                 Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable
                                                                                                                 load limits and loading guidelines.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        280-HP3 V-6

TRAVEL SMARTER

Stay connected with your vehicle, right from your
smartphone. The HondaLink® app † provides assistance,
service and convenience, with compatibility across
the entire Honda lineup. Visit hondalink.com for more
information on features and subscription services.

HondaLink Available Features
• Personal concierge      • Stolen vehicle locator
• Remote lock & unlock    • Enhanced roadside assistance
• Emergency call          • Automatic collision notification
• Find my car
† Depending on use, HondaLink can transmit to Honda and its providers a vehicle’s location, speed and

other operating conditions, information that may be tied to the vehicle identification number ( VIN) and can
be combined to create a track of a vehicle. For a full explanation of HondaLink functionality and Honda’s
data use and privacy policy, see owners.honda.com/hondalink.




                                                             ...
                                                                             PASSPORT                                                                                                                          Passport TrailSport shown in Lunar Silver Metallic with Honda Genuine Accessories (left).
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Passport TrailSport shown in Radiant Red Metallic II1 with Honda Genuine Accessories (right).
                                                                                                                                                                   Born from
                                                                                                                                                                   innovative
                                                                                                                                                                   thinking




                                                                                                                                                                                 WI-FI® ON THE GO

                                                                                                                                                                                 Bring the Internet along for the ride in select trims
                                                                                                                  ALL ABOARD                                                     of the Accord, Insight, Odyssey, Passport and Pilot.
                                                                                                                                                                                 With available Wi-Fi®5 hotspot capability,† you'll be able
                                                                                                                  From day trips to road trips, the Pilot is the                 to access entertainment, messaging, websites and
                                                                                                                  ultimate in accommodation. This three-row                      more using your favorite devices. Visit hondawifi.com
                                                                                                                  adventure SUV seats up to eight and tows up                    for more information.
                                                                                                                  to 5,000 pounds.4 It also offers available
                                                                                                                  conveniences like the CabinTalk® in-car PA                     Key Available Features
                                                                                                                  system * and a hands-free access power                         • Stream TV shows, movies and music
                                                                                                                  tailgate. If you’ve got a destination, you can                 • Play games, share, browse and email
                                                                                                                  bring everyone along for the journey.                          • Connect up to 7 Wi-Fi® devices at once
                                                                                                                                                                                 • Use devices up to 50 feet away from your Honda vehicle



                                                                                                                                                                        ...
                                                                                                                                                                              PILOT
                                                                                                                                                                                 † Requires AT&T data plan. Visit hondawifi.com for more details.




Pilot Elite shown in Steel Sapphire Metallic1 with Honda Genuine Accessories (left).
Pilot Black Edition shown in Crystal Black Pearl with accessory crossbars (right).

*Through headphones ( Touring). Through headphones or speakers (Elite, Black Edition).
 Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable load limits and loading guidelines.
Everything
you’d want
in any terrain




WHERE TO NEXT?                                                                                     DO MORE WITH LESS

Everyday usability. Not-so-everyday                                                                At Honda, we've always believed that
capability. People made the CR-V the                                                               efficiency should never come at the
best-selling compact utility vehicle over                                                          expense of excitement - no matter what
the last decade.* And for good reason, too.                                                        kind of vehicle we're building. That's why
It looks sharp with available 19-inch alloy                                                        every CR-V Hybrid is equipped with Real
wheels, and you can dial up the excitement                                                         Time AWD TM so you can go where other
with Sport Mode. Proof that getting there                                                          hybrids don't. No compromise required.
can be more than half the fun.



                                                                         ...          ...
                                                                               CR-V         CR-V
*Based on S&P Global Mobility U.S. retail new vehicle registrations of
 compact utility vehicles from 2012 through February 2022.


CR -V Touring shown in Modern Steel Metallic (left ) .
CR -V Hybrid Touring shown in Modern Steel Metallic
with accessory crossbars and kayak attachment (right) .

Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all
applicable load limits and loading guidelines.
Goes with
you and
your lifestyle
                                                    WIRELESS PHONE CHARGING6



                                                   ELEVATE YOUR DRIVE

                                                   Like you, the all-new HR-V is ready for
                                                   more with evolved styling inside and out
                                                   and more standard features than ever.
                                                   Explore downtown in style with the sleek
                                                   LED headlight design. Road-trip to an even
                                                   further concert without missing a beat


                                      ...
                                            HR-V
                                                   using the available wireless phone charger.6
                                                   Hit the steeper slopes knowing Hill Descent
                                                   Control and Hill Start Assist come standard.
                                                   Ready for more, indeed.
HR-V EX-L shown in Milano Red.
HR-V EX-L shown with Black Leather.
SEATING FOR
   UP TO
    8


               THIS IS WHERE THE FUN BEGINS

               Family life can be unpredictable when
MAGIC SLIDE®
 2ND-ROW       you’re on the road. The Odyssey can help,
   SEATS
               with plenty of innovative features that work
               for you and your passengers. That includes
               multiple seating configurations, Magic
               Slide® 2nd-row seats and integrated
               2nd-row sunshades. Watch heads turn at




                                                              Getting there
 4’ X 8’
               the new Odyssey Sport trim, now with
               19-inch wheels plus sporty interior and
 PLYWOOD
               exterior styling accents.




                                                              in comfort
                                                              and style



        ...
               ODYSSEY                                               Odyssey Elite shown in Modern Steel Metallic with Gray Leather.
If Honda
does not race,
there is no
Honda




At Honda, competition has always brought out our best thinking.
But the podium is just the beginning for our engineers. Because after
each season, we take what we learn on the track and use it to make
every vehicle we build even better.

                                                                           Honda Dallara DW12 Indycar racecar (left).
                                                                         Honda RA272 Formula One racecar (center).
                                                                        Civic Si shown in Blazing Orange Pearl1 (right).
Every Civic feature has been engineered for excitement. Whether
it’s the next-level performance of the Civic Si, the tech-savvy Civic
Sedan, or the highly versatile Civic Hatchback, every model is as
sharp and sophisticated as it is fun to drive.




Civic Si shown in Blazing Orange Pearl1 (left).
Civic Touring Sedan shown in Rallye Red (center).
Civic Sport Touring Hatchback shown in Boost Blue Pearl1 (right).
6 speeds,
one epic
drive
                                                      200-HP7
INNER CHILD, GO WILD

The road less traveled has never been more
exhilarating than in the Civic Si. Its turbocharged
engine and 6-speed manual transmission with
rev-match control reach a unique balance
of hairpin handling and hold-onto-your-hat
performance that can transform just about
any drive into a fast-paced adventure.




                                                                ...
                                                                      CIVIC Si   Civic Si shown in Blazing Orange Pearl1 with accessory HPDTM front
                                                                                             underbody spoiler and HPDTM side underbody spoilers.
LOOK QUICK. FUN HAPPENS FAST

The right attitude can go a long way, especially
when you find it in a car as fun to drive as
the Civic Hatchback. Its balance of bold style
and sporty handling is just the beginning.
With an available turbocharged engine and          6 - SPEED
6-speed manual transmission, it’s as versatile     MANUAL
as it is exciting.




        It starts
        with
        passion



...
       CIVIC HATCHBACK                                         Civic Sport Touring Hatchback shown with Black Leather.
                                                               Civic Sport Touring Hatchback shown in Boost Blue Pearl.1
                                                                               Fun to drive
                                                                               is in our
THRILL SEEKER

If it doesn't stir your soul, it's not a Civic.
This is the standard we set for ourselves
at Honda, and it's what brought the Civic




                                                                               DNA
Sedan to life. With a bold design, an available
turbocharged engine and standard Honda
Sensing,® it's ready to drive your fun without
ever pressing pause.

                                                     AVAILABLE 12-SPEAKER
                                                  BOSE8 PREMIUM SOUND SYSTEM




                    ...
                            CIVIC SEDAN                                                   Civic Touring Sedan shown in Aegean Blue Metallic with Black Leather (left).
                                                                                                                       Civic Sport Sedan shown in Rallye Red (right).
Keep
moving
forward




                                                                     EXCITEMENT COMES STANDARD

                                                                     The Accord is our flagship sedan, and also
                                                                     one of Car and Driver's 10Best a record
                                                                     36 times.* But instead of resting on success,
                                                                     it continues to raise the bar for sophisticated
                                                                     styling and exhilarating performance. All while
                                                                     adding modern conveniences like available
                                                                     wireless Apple CarPlay ®9 and Android                        AVAILABLE

                                                      ...
                                                                     Auto TM10 compatibility.                          HEATED & VENTILATED FRONT SEATS



                                                            ACCORD
                                                                     *Car and Driver, November 2021.




Accord Touring 2.0T shown in Platinum White Pearl.1                                                                                            Accord Touring 2.0T shown with Black Leather.
Sustainability
is in our
nature




Honda is committed to reducing the carbon emissions from our
products and operations, as we work towards our vision of a
carbon-free society. According to the EPA, our lineup is the most
fuel-efficient among full-line automakers.* In addition to our lineup
of efficient hybrid vehicles, we’ve also entered into long-term virtual
power purchase agreements (VPPAs) for renewable wind and solar
energy, creating a net reduction of CO2 emissions equaling over
60 percent of our electricity usage in North America.                     CR-V Hybrid Touring shown in Radiant Red Metallic1 with accessory crossbars (left).
                                                                                                   Insight Touring shown in Cosmic Blue Metallic1 (center).
                                                                                                  Accord Hybrid Touring shown in Sonic Gray Pearl1 (right).

                                                                                    *Based on EPA estimate of MY 2020 large full-line automaker fleetwide fuel economy.
                                                                                                                 2021 EPA Automotive Trends Report (November 2021).
       CR-V Hybrid Touring shown in Modern Steel Metallic with accessory crossbars and kayak attachment.
                                                           CR-V Hybrid Touring shown with Gray Leather.




                                       REAL TIME
                                         AWD




                               GET THERE EFFICIENTLY

                               Honda is committed to becoming
                               carbon neutral by 2050, which starts
                               with more vehicles like the CR-V Hybrid.
                               It’s equipped with a 212 total system
                               horsepower powertrain11 and standard
                               all-wheel drive, delivering all the fun
                               and utility you’d expect from a highly
                               capable crossover.



...
      CR-V
                               Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable
                               load limits and loading guidelines.
Dreams
define who
we are
                  EV MODE   CONSCIOUSLY REFINED

                            The Accord has always pushed the
                            boundaries of performance, comfort and
                            efficiency. The Accord Hybrid does it all
                            while spending even less time at the pump.
                            With a 48-mpg city rating * and 212 total
                            system horsepower,11 it stands out as the
                            most powerful hybrid in its class.
                            *48 city/47 highway/47 combined mpg rating for Hybrid and Hybrid EX- L. 44 city/41
                             highway/43 combined mpg rating for Hybrid Sport and Touring. Based on 2022
                             EPA mileage ratings. 550-mile driving-range rating for Hybrid Touring. Based on
                             2022 EPA and DOE (www.fueleconomy.gov) ratings. Use for comparison purposes
                             only. Your mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle,
                             driving conditions, battery-pack age/condition and other factors.




   ...
         ACCORD                            Accord Hybrid Touring shown in Modern Steel Metallic.
The courage
to challenge
convention
                                       BREAK THROUGH

                                       Sleek doesn’t describe most hybrids on the
                                       road, so it’s a good thing the Insight isn’t
                                       most hybrids. Once you get familiar with its
                                       stunning appearance, spaciously appointed
                                       cabin, 55-mpg city rating* and ECON mode,
                                       there’s no turning back. And that is how we
                                       define progress.
                                       *55 city/49 highway/52 combined mpg rating for the EX trim. 51 city/45
                                        highway/48 combined mpg rating for the Touring trim. Based on 2022 EPA
                                        mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary
                                        depending on driving conditions, how you drive and maintain your vehicle,
                                        battery-pack age/condition and other factors.




                   HYBRID POWERTRAIN




   ...
         INSIGHT                        Insight Touring shown in Radiant Red Metallic1 with Ivory Leather.
Drivers.
Passengers.
Everyone.
Every Honda is engineered to help protect you, your passengers
and everyone else on the road. You can enjoy the benefits of Honda
Sensing, which is offered on every Honda model. And with each new
advancement we make in safety and driver-assistive technology,
we're one step closer to a world without collisions. Learn more
about our global safety philosophy at safety.honda.com.




                                                                                                                                   ACE body structure shown (left).
                                                                     Pilot Elite shown in Deep Scarlet Pearl1 with accessory crossbars and kayak attachment (right).

                                                                     Honda reminds you to properly secure cargo items and follow all applicable load limits and loading guidelines.
Confidence
on the
                                                            PASSIVE AND ACTIVE SAFETY

                                                            The vehicles we build are engineered with
                                                            your loved ones in mind. It starts with the
                                                            Honda-exclusive ACE TM body structure.
                                                            In the event of a frontal collision, it distributes
                                                            crash energy more evenly throughout the




road
                                                            front of the vehicle. Advanced front airbags
                                                            provide additional collision protection, with
                                                            select models featuring SmartVent® airbag
                                                            technology. Plus, every Honda comes
                                                            standard with a multi-angle rearview camera12
                                                            and Vehicle Stability AssistTM ( VSA®) with
                                                            Traction Control.13




                                                            Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM14



                                                            Lane Keeping Assist System15



                                                            Road Departure Mitigation System16



                                                            Adaptive Cruise Control17



                                                            Traffic Sign Recognition18



                                                            SAFETY AND DRIVER -ASSISTIVE
                                                            TECHNOLOGIES

                                                            Honda Sensing® can help alert you to things
                                                            you might miss while driving. This suite of
                                                            safety and driver-assistive technologies was
                                                            designed with complete coverage in mind.
                                                            That includes adjusting brake pressure
                                                            when an unavoidable collision is determined,
                                                            adjusting steering to keep you centered
                                                            in a detected lane and notifying you about
                                                            posted speed limits using a small camera.




Accord Touring 2.0T shown in Lunar Silver Metallic.
                                                      ...
                                      automobiles.honda.com




                                     Whether you buy or lease a Honda vehicle,                                                                                                                  Manufactured to the same strict standards as
                                     Honda Financial Services can assist you with                                                                                                               Honda vehicles, Honda Genuine Accessories are
                                     the process. Please ask your dealer which                                                                                                                  the perfect way to personalize and protect your
                                     lease or purchase plan best suits your needs.                                                                                                              vehicle. Please see your Honda dealer for details.
                                                                                                                                                                 GENUINE ACCESSORIES




                                     Honda Care® is an affordable, comprehensive                                                                                                                Powerful. Agile. Versatile enough to handle
                                     vehicle and travel protection plan backed by                                                                                                               almost any condition. It’s no wonder Honda
                                     Honda reliability, service and parts. Please see                                                                                                           is the official vehicle of the NHL.®19
                                     your Honda dealer for details.




All Honda vehicles – and any Honda Genuine Accessories installed at the time of vehicle purchase – are covered by a 3-Year/36,000-Mile Limited Warranty.20
Plus, Honda vehicles are covered by a 5-Year/60,000-Mile Limited Powertrain Warranty,20 too. Hybrid vehicles also have an 8-Year/100,000-Mile High-Voltage
Battery Limited Warranty.21 For more information or assistance, see your Honda dealer or please give us a call at 1-800-999-1009.

24-hour emergency road service is available to you in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada throughout your 3-Year/36,000-Mile Limited Warranty.20
Services include jump-starting, flat tire and lockout assistance, towing, and more (limitations apply). Call 1-866-864-5211.



1 Premium color adds $395 charge. 2 Maximum towing capacity is 5,000 lbs. Towing requires accessory towing equipment. Please see your Honda dealer for details. 3 280 hp @ 6000 rpm (SAE net). 4 Maximum towing capacity for AWD models is 5,000 lbs.

Maximum towing capacity for 2WD models is 3,500 lbs. Towing requires accessory towing equipment. Please see your Honda dealer for details. 5 Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi Direct are registered trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance.® 6 Wireless phone charger is compatible
with Qi wireless charging standards. Check with your device's manufacturer for wireless capability. 7 200 hp @ 6000 rpm (SAE net). 8 Bose is a registered trademark of Bose Corporation. 9 Apple CarPlay is a registered trademark of Apple Inc.
10 Android Auto and YouTube Music are trademarks of Google LLC. 11 Total system horsepower as measured by the peak, concurrent output of the two electric motors and gasoline engine. 12 Always visually confirm that it is safe to drive before backing up;

the rearview camera display does not provide complete information about all conditions and objects at the rear of your vehicle. 13 VSA is not a substitute for safe driving. It cannot correct the vehicle’s course in every situation or compensate for reckless
driving. Control of the vehicle always remains with the driver. 14 CMBS cannot detect all objects ahead and may not detect a given object; accuracy will vary based on weather, speed and other factors. System operation affected by extreme interior heat.
System designed to mitigate crash forces. Driver remains responsible for safely operating vehicle and avoiding collisions. 15 LKAS only assists driver in maintaining proper lane position when lane markings are identified without a turn signal in use and can
only apply mild steering torque to assist. LKAS may not detect all lane markings; accuracy will vary based on weather, speed and road condition. System operation affected by extreme interior heat. Driver remains responsible for safely operating vehicle
and avoiding collisions. 16 Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) only alerts the driver when lane drift is detected without turn signal use. RDM can assist in maintaining proper lane position and slow departure from a detected lane. RDM may not detect all lane
markings/departures; accuracy will vary and operation is affected by extreme interior heat. Driver remains responsible for safely operating vehicle. 17 ACC cannot detect all objects ahead and may not detect a given object; accuracy will vary based on
weather, speed and other factors. ACC should not be used in heavy traffic, poor weather or on winding roads. ACC only includes a limited braking function. Driver remains responsible for slowing or stopping the vehicle to avoid a collision.
18 TSR cannot detect all traffic signs, may misidentify certain signs and does not include any braking or speed control functions. Accuracy will vary based on weather and other factors. System operation affected by extreme interior heat. Driver remains

responsible for complying with all traffic regulations. 19 NHL and the NHL Shield are registered trademarks of the National Hockey League. ©NHL 2022. All Rights Reserved. 20 3-Year/36,000-Mile Limited Warranty. 5-Year/60,000-Mile Limited Powertrain
Warranty. Ordinary maintenance or adjustments, parts subject to normal wear and replacement, and certain items are excluded. Please see your Honda dealer for the terms and conditions of the limited warranties. 21 8-Year/100,000-Mile Limited
Warranty covers abnormal loss of capacity in the hybrid's high-voltage battery. Other warranties may provide additional coverage for the high-voltage battery. See dealer for details. Honda reminds you and your passengers to always use seat belts and
appropriate child seats. Children 12 and under are safest when properly restrained in the rear seat. Specifications, features, illustrations and equipment shown in this brochure are based upon latest available information at the time of printing. Although
descriptions are believed to be correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed. American Honda Motor Co., Inc., reserves the right to make changes at any time, without notice or obligation, in colors, specifications, accessories, materials and models. Some
features mentioned herein are not available in all areas. Please see your Honda dealer for details. Some vehicles may be shown with optional equipment. Available = Optional. All images, logos, or trademarks contained herein are either owned by
American Honda Motor Co., Inc., or used under a valid license from or with permission of the owner or sublicensee. It is a violation of federal law to reproduce or otherwise use these images, logos or trademarks without express written permission from
American Honda Motor Co., Inc., or the individual copyright/trademark owner. Honda Financial Services is a DBA of American Honda Finance Corporation. Honda, the H-mark symbol, Honda Financial Services mark/logo, Honda Care, HondaLink,
Honda Sensing, ACE, Advanced Compatibility Engineering, CabinTalk, CabinWatch, CMBS, Collision Mitigation Braking System, In-Bed Trunk, i-VTM4, Magic Slide, Real Time AWD, Safety for Everyone and Vehicle Stability Assist are trademarks of
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. © 2022 American Honda Motor Co., Inc. 06/2022
