2024 Sie nna
2024 SIENNA




From the everyday to everywhere.
Unleash your spontaneous spirit in the 2024 Toyota Sienna. Whether you’re conquering city roads

or blazing trails, this vehicle is packed with the tech you crave, ample space and impressive efficiency.

With its class-leading EPA-estimated 36 combined mpg1 and available sport-tuned suspension,

Sienna is ready to fuel anything from your everyday errands to your exciting escapades.




                                                                                               XSE shown in Ruby Flare Pearl.2




                        Woodland Edition shown in Cement. Never tow beyond a
             vehicle’s published towing capacities. Do not overload your vehicle.
                            See Owner’s Manual for weight limits and restrictions.             XSE shown in Ruby Flare Pearl.2




                                                                                           See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
                                                                                                                      Platinum shown in Predawn Gray Mica.




                                                         XSE shown in Ruby Flare Pearl.2                                     Limited AWD shown in Cypress.




Sporty styling                                                                             Premium exterior

With available 20-in. dark wheels and sporty black                                         Sienna’s design is as stylish as it is functional.
accents, including a honeycomb grille, Sienna’s modern                                     Its unmistakable silhouette inspires you to
design matches your sense of style.                                                        accomplish whatever’s on the agenda, in style.



                                                                                           Bold colors

                                                                                           Stand out from the pack with Sienna’s eye-
                                                                                           catching exterior colors. From Cypress green
                                                                                           to Cement, there’s a color that’ll make a
                                                                                           statement wherever you go.

EXTERIOR




Style, with room
to spare.
Whether you’re going to your daughter’s dance recital

or taking your partner out for date night, Sienna’s

picture-perfect look is ready for any occasion.




                                                                                                                See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
INTERIOR




Full of good                                                                        From the moment you sit behind the wheel of Sienna,

                                                                                    you’re the one in control. With no inch overlooked,

ideas.                                                                              Sienna’s thoughtfully designed interior is the ideal

                                                                                    balance of function and style.




                                                                                                           XSE interior shown in Moonstone with Gray Flannel SofTex®3 trim.




                                                                         Woodland Edition interior shown in                      Woodland Edition shown in Cement with
   Platinum interior shown in Noble Brown leather trim.                 Gray Flannel with Black SofTex®3 trim.                Gray Flannel with Black SofTex®3 interior trim.




Second-row captain’s chairs                               Unique seats and stitching                               1500W-capable power outlet

Sienna’s available super-long-slide seats                 Sienna Woodland Edition’s dark chrome-                   With Sienna’s available 1500W-capable
and captain’s chairs with built-in ottomans4              accented exterior and black badging is                   power outlet,5 you can bring the comforts
slide back for enhanced comfort or move                   complemented by an interior to match.                    of home wherever you go.
up to make more room for cargo or                         Black SofTex®3 sport-trimmed seats feature
passengers in the third row.                              a unique stitch color that raises the bar
                                                          in style and comfort.




                                                                                                                                       See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
PERFORMANCE




Keeps up with
your hustle.
Every Sienna is a hybrid. With this powertrain’s

capabilities, there’s never a dull moment

behind the wheel. Feel more confident and

in control on the road, whether navigating

highways or trails. All there’s left for you to

worry about is what to pack.
                                                                                                 Woodland Edition shown in Cement. Never tow beyond a
                                                                                      vehicle’s published towing capacities. Do not overload your vehicle.
                                                                                                     See Owner’s Manual for weight limits and restrictions.




                                                                All-Wheel Drive capability

                                                                Gravel, rain or snow, Sienna’s available All-Wheel
                                                                Drive (AWD) system helps give you confidence on
                                                                unfamiliar roads.




                            Woodland Edition shown in Cement.




Hybrid performance

Whether you’re driving around the city during the day
or taking a weekend road trip, Sienna’s class-leading
EPA-estimated 36 combined mpg1 helps keep
you going. And with 3500 lbs. of towing capacity,50,51
                                                                                                                          XSE shown in Ruby Flare Pearl.2
you can bring more with you on your next adventure.



                                                                Sport-tuned suspension

                                                                Sienna doesn’t compromise on performance. Its available
                                                                sport-tuned suspension helps deliver a dynamic drive
                                                                every time you get behind the wheel.




                                                                                                            See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
COMFORT




Refined in all the right ways.


                                                                             Four-zone climate control

                                                                             You like it hot. Your partner likes it cool. Your
                                                                             son needs it to be 70 degrees exactly. And your
                                                                             dog likes it toasty. Using Sienna’s available
                                                                             best-in-class four-zone climate control system,6
                                                                             you can set the temperature for each zone so
                                                                             everyone can keep their cool.




          XSE interior shown in Moonstone with Gray Flannel SofTex®3 trim.




                                                                             Entertainment center

                                                                             On road trips or campouts, passengers can
                                                                             watch their favorite shows in the back with
                                                                             Sienna’s available 1080p HD rear-seat
                                                                             entertainment center.




                      Platinum interior shown in Noble Brown leather trim.




                                                                             Heated and ventilated seats

                                                                             Sienna’s available heated and ventilated front
                                                                             seats and heated rear captain’s chairs bring
                                                                             enhanced comfort — no matter the season.




                      Platinum interior shown in Noble Brown leather trim.
                                                                                                    See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
CONVENIENCE




A real people
pleaser.
In a rush and not sure if you’ve locked the car’s

doors? Well, with Sienna’s available Remote

Connect trial or subscription,7 you can use your

compatible smart device to check. Along with

a host of other capabilities like remote vehicle

start, Sienna helps keep you in control.

4G network dependent.
                                                                                                  Platinum shown in Midnight Black Metallic. Simulation shown.




                                                                       Front and Rear Parking Assist
                                                                       with Automatic Braking

                                                                       Up your parking game. When pulling in or backing out of
                                                                       a tight space, Sienna’s available Front and Rear Parking Assist
                                                                       with Automatic Braking (PA w/AB)9 sends you audio and visual
                                                                       notifications, helping you park under pressure — without
                                                                       breaking a sweat.




                Platinum interior shown in Noble Brown leather trim.




Seven USB ports
                                                                                                           Platinum interior shown in Noble Brown leather trim.

Passengers can freely use their phones and tablets
without worrying about their battery levels by
connecting to one of the seven USB ports found
                                                                       Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat
across all three rows.8
                                                                       Make room for more friends, more stuff or both. Sienna’s
                                                                       60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat easily
                                                                       folds down so you can configure the space in the back to
                                                                       meet the day’s needs.




                                                                                                                  See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
CONNECTED SERVICES




Technology
that keeps up
with you.                                                                        Wi-Fi Connect
                                                                                Turn your Toyota into a hotspot with 4G connectivity.18
Take advantage of the smart and convenient                                          AT&T Hotspot

technologies designed to simplify your everyday

life. Trial periods available on select models for the

listed Connected Services.10 4G network dependent.
                                                                                 Dynamic Navigation
                                                                                 Dynamic Navigation19 provides you with the most up-
                                                                                 to-date map data, routes and points of interest (POIs)
                                                                                 on your vehicle’s factory-installed navigation system,
                                                                                 through real-time updates downloaded from the Cloud.
                                                                                    Dynamic Map
                                                                                   	Dynamic Route
                                                                                   	Dynamic POI
Toyota App
With active applicable Connected Services10 subscriptions,
the Toyota app11 allows you to stay connected to your
Sienna wherever you go. Available for Apple®12 and
AndroidTM13 devices.
  Remote Vehicle Start7 and Lock/Unlock Doors
                                                                                 Destination Assist
  Check Up on Your Toyota’s Health
  Schedule a Service Appointment                                                 Destination Assist20 provides drivers 24-hour access
                                                                                 to a live agent who can provide directions through
  Shop for Genuine Toyota Parts and Accessories
                                                                                 the vehicle’s factory-installed navigation system to
  Make a Payment With Your TFS Account
                                                                                 an address or point of interest.




Safety Connect®
Round-the-clock help when the unexpected happens.14                              Remote Connect
 	Emergency Assistance Button (SOS)
                                                                                 Manage your vehicle through the Toyota app,11
 	Enhanced Roadside Assistance15
                                                                                 including Remote Start and much more.7
 	Automatic Collision Notification
                                                                                    Remote Vehicle Start (if equipped)
 	Stolen Vehicle Locator16
                                                                                    Unlock/Lock
                                                                                    Remote Notifications
                                                                                   	Guest Driver
                                                                                    Smartwatch Compatibility

Service Connect
Being proactive to help keep your vehicle in peak condition.17
                                                                                *To view included trial details, please visit
  Vehicle Health Report
                                                                                  toyota.com/connected-services.
 	Vehicle Maintenance Alert
                                                                 Services and/or their feature availability may vary by model grade. See toyota.com/connected-services.
 	Maintenance Reminder
                                                                                                                          See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
                                                                                Apple CarPlay®

                                                                                With Sienna’s Apple CarPlay®24 compatibility standard,
                                                                                you can use your compatible iPhone®25 with the multime-
                                                                                dia system to get directions, make calls, send and receive
                          XSE interior shown in Moonstone with Gray Flannel
                                          SofTex®3 trim and XSE Plus Package.
                                                                                messages, and listen to music, all while staying focused
                                                                                behind the wheel.




A U D I O M U LT I M E D I A




Entertainment                                                                   Android Auto™



for every day.
                                                                                Stay connected on the road. By pairing your compatible
                                                                                Android™ 26 phone with the audio multimedia system,
                                                                                Android Auto™27 lets you get real-time traffic alerts, make
                                                                                and receive phone calls, listen to your favorite soundtrack
                                                                                and more.
Play music, make calls, send messages and more from

Sienna’s 9-in. touchscreen audio multimedia display.

And available Dynamic Navigation19 shows you turn-
                                                                                SiriusXM® 3-month Platinum Plan
by-turn directions right before your eyes, while its                            trial subscription
available Premium JBL®23 Audio system plays your favorite                       SiriusXM®28 has premium entertainment that you won’t
                                                                                hear anyplace else. With the Platinum Plan 3-month trial,29
albums and podcasts with enhanced sound quality.
                                                                                you get you get 425+ channels, including 165+ channels
                                                                                in your vehicle, to enjoy ad-free music, plus sports, news,
                                                                                talk, comedy and more.




                                                                                JBL® Premium Audio System

                                                                                Experience the clear sound of Sienna’s available JBL®23
                                                                                premium audio system. With its 1200 watts, 12 speakers,
                                                                                surround sound and high-quality engineering, phenomenal
                                                                                sound is delivered to amp up every drive.




                                                                                         Screen depictions accurate at time of posting. Services and/or their feature
                                                                                          availability may vary by model grade. See toyota.com/connected-services.
                                                                                                                     See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
T O Y O T A S A F E T Y S E N S E ™ 2 .0 ( T S S 2 .0 )




Peace of mind                                                                                        Pre-Collision System with
                                                                                                     Pedestrian Detection31

comes standard.                                                                                      Full-Speed Range Dynamic
                                                                                                     Radar Cruise Control32

Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)30 is a bundle
                                                                                                     Lane Departure Alert with
of active safety features included on many new                                                       Steering Assist33
Toyota vehicles at no additional cost. These

innovative features were designed to help                                                            Automatic High Beams34

protect you and your passengers from harm.

                                                                                                     Lane Tracing Assist 35



                                                                                                     Road Sign Assist 36



For more information, visit toyota.com/safety-sense. Feature availability may vary by model grade.                    See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
     SIENNA MODELS




                             LE                                                             XLE                                                           XSE
                  Includes these key features                            Adds to or replaces features offered on LE                   Adds to or replaces features offered on XLE

Mechanical/Performance                                         Mechanical/Performance                                         Mechanical/Performance
 Hybrid engine: 2.5L 4-cylinder with 245 net hp                 Available All-Wheel Drive (AWD)                                Sport-tuned suspension
 	Electronically controlled Continuously Variable              Up to 36 city/36 highway/36 combined EPA-est. mpg38            Available All-Wheel Drive (AWD)
   Transmission (ECVT) with sequential shift mode                                                                              Up to 36 city/36 highway/36 combined EPA-est. mpg38
                                                               Exterior Features
 Normal, Eco, EV37 and Sport drive modes
                                                                Integrated wide-angle LED fog lights                          Exterior Features
 Front-Wheel Drive (FWD)
                                                                Hands-free dual power sliding side doors45                     LED headlights and LED-strip DRL with auto on/off feature
 Available All-Wheel Drive (AWD)
                                                                	Power liftgate with jam protection with available            Black side rocker panels
 Up to 36 city/36 highway/36 combined EPA-est. mpg        38
                                                                  hands-free feature45                                         Metallic black sport mesh front grille
Exterior Features                                               Chrome-accented color-keyed outside door handles               Black heated power outside mirrors
 LED headlights and LED DRL with auto on/off feature            Power tilt/slide moonroof with sunshade                        20-in. dark wheels
 LED taillights and stop lights                                 	Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic                 Rear lower bumper in black sport mesh
 Color-keyed heated power outside mirrors                         Braking (PA w/AB) 9
                                                                                                                               Black Sienna liftgate logo
 Dual power sliding side doors                                 Interior Features                                               Black roof-mounted shark-fin antenna
 17-in. alloy wheels                                            Seating for up to eight
                                                                                                                              Interior Features
 Privacy glass on rear windows                                  Four-zone automatic climate control
                                                                                                                               Seating for seven
 Color-keyed rear spoiler                                       SofTex®-trimmed3 seats
                                                                - Heated front seats                                           Driver Easy Speak
Interior Features                                               - Second-row captain’s chairs with super-long-slide feature    SofTex® 3 sport-trimmed seats
 Seating for eight                                              - Available second-row bench with stowable center seat         - Heated front seats
 Three-zone automatic climate control                           - 60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat             - Second-row captain’s chairs with
                                                                                                                                 super-long-slide feature
 Fabric-trimmed seats                                           Leather-wrapped tilt/telescopic steering wheel
                                                                                                                               - 60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat
 - Second-row bench with stowable center seat                   Smart Key System with Push Button Start
 - 60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat                                                                           Audio Multimedia
 4.2-in. Multi-Information Display (MID)
                                                               Audio Multimedia
                                                                                                                               	Premium Audio includes:
                                                                Audio Plus includes:                                             - 9-in. touchscreen and eight speakers
 Remote keyless entry system with Push Button Start
                                                                - 9-in. touchscreen and eight speakers                           - Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19
 Manual second-row sunshades                                    - Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24 compatible                  - Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24 compatible
 Seven USB ports8                                               - SiriusXM® 28 with 3-month Platinum Plan                        - SiriusXM® 28 with 3-month Platinum Plan
 Electric Parking Brake (EPB)39 with Brake Hold40 function        trial subscription29                                             trial subscription29
 Rear-seat reminder                                             	Connected Services10 Safety Connect® trial14                  Connected Services10 Safety Connect® trial14
                                                                                                                               	
                                                                  4G network dependent.                                        4G network dependent.
Audio Multimedia
                                                               Safety Features                                                Safety Features
 Audio includes:
 - 9-in. touchscreen and six speakers                           Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)30                           Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)30
 - Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24 compatible                Star Safety System™                                            Star Safety System™
 - SiriusXM® 28 with 3-month Platinum Plan                      Ten airbags 41                                                 Ten airbags 41
   trial subscription29
                                                                	B lind Spot Monitor (BSM) 42 with Rear Cross-Traffic         	B lind Spot Monitor (BSM) 42 with Rear Cross-Traffic
  Connected Services10 Safety Connect® trial14
 	
                                                                  Alert (RCTA) 43                                                Alert (RCTA) 43
 4G network dependent.
                                                               Packages/Options                                               Packages/Options
Safety Features
                                                                XLE Plus Package includes:                                     XSE Plus Package includes:
 Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)   30
                                                                - Wireless charging44 surface                                  - Wireless charging44 surface
 Star Safety System™                                            - Black roof rails                                             - Black roof rails
 Ten airbags 41                                                 - Premium Audio, Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19        - Premium Audio with 12 JBL® 23 speakers including
                                                                - 12 JBL® 23 speakers including subwoofer and amplifier          subwoofer and amplifier
 	B lind Spot Monitor (BSM) 42 with Rear Cross-Traffic
   Alert (RCTA) 43                                              	1500W power outlet 5 (requires XLE Plus Package)             1500W power outlet 5 (requires XLE Plus Package)
                                                                Entertainment Package (requires XLE Plus Package)              Entertainment Package (requires XLE Plus Package)
Package                                                         18-in. bright wheels                                           XSE Premium Package includes:
 	L E Plus Package includes:                                                                                                  - Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging44
   - Auto-dimming rearview mirror                                                                                              - Black roof rails
   - Wireless charging surface 44                                                                                              - Premium Audio with 12 JBL® 23 speakers including
   - Power tilt/slide moonroof with sunshade                                                                                     subwoofer and amplifier
   - Black roof rails                                                                                                          - 7-in. color Multi-Information Display (MID)
   - Audio Plus multimedia system                                                                                              - Power tilt/telescopic steering wheel with memory
                                                                                                                               - Heated power auto-dimming outside mirrors with
                                                                                                                                 puddle lights and power-folding, reverse-tilt-down
                                                                                                                                 and memory features
                                                                                                                               - Leather-trimmed heated and ventilated front seats
                                                                                                                                 with driver memory function
                                                                                                                               - Manual second- and third-row sunshades




                                                                                                                                                See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
     SIENNA MODELS




                    Woodland Edition                                                    Limited                                                         Platinum
        Adds to or replaces features offered on XLE                     Adds to or replaces features offered on XLE                  Adds to or replaces features offered on Limited
Mechanical/Performance                                         Mechanical/Performance                                         Mechanical/Performance
 Increased ground clearance                                     Available All-Wheel Drive (AWD)                                Available All-Wheel Drive (AWD)
 All-Wheel Drive (AWD)                                          Up to 36 city/36 highway/36 combined EPA-est. mpg38            Up to 36 city/36 highway/36 combined EPA-est. mpg38
 35 city/36 highway/35 combined EPA-est. mpg38
                                                               Exterior Features                                              Exterior Features
Exterior Features                                               	LED headlights and LED-strip DRL with auto on/off feature    	Signature Bi-LED projector headlights and LED-strip
 Available in Cement or Midnight Black Metallic                 Black side rocker panels                                         DRL with auto on/off feature

 Black lower grille garnish                                     Dark gray metallic front grille                                Panoramic View Monitor (PVM) 47

 Dark chrome upper grille garnish                               18-in. bright wheels                                           20-in. metallic wheels

 Towing hitch receiver51                                        Chrome roof rails                                              Rain-sensing variable windshield wipers

 18-in. dark wheels                                             Rear lower bumper in black with chrome accent                 Interior Features
 Black roof rails with cross bars                               Chrome-accented Sienna liftgate logo                           Seating for seven
 Black Sienna liftgate logo                                     Color-keyed roof-mounted shark-fin antenna                     Leather-trimmed seats
 Black Toyota emblem and grade badge                                                                                           - Heated and ventilated front seats
                                                               Interior Features                                               - Heated second-row captain’s chairs with
Interior Features                                               Seating for seven                                                 super-long-slide feature and ottomans 4
 Seating for seven                                              Driver Easy Speak                                              - SofTex®-trimmed3 60/40 One-Motion-Stow
                                                                                                                                  Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat
 Wireless charging surface 44                                   Wireless charging surface 44
                                                                                                                               	Leather-wrapped heated power tilt/telescopic
 1500W power outlet 5                                           Leather-trimmed seats
                                                                                                                                 steering wheel
 All-weather floor mats    46                                   - Heated front seats
                                                                - Second-row captain’s chairs with super-long-slide            10-in. color Head-Up Display (HUD)
 Driver Easy Speak                                                 feature and ottomans 4
 SofTex® 3 sport-trimmed seats                                  - SofTex®-trimmed3 60/40 One-Motion-Stow
                                                                                                                              Audio Multimedia
 - Heated front seats                                              Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat                                  	Premium Audio includes:
 - Second-row captain’s chairs with super-long-slide feature                                                                     - 9-in. touchscreen and 12 JBL® 23 speakers including
                                                                Leather-wrapped power tilt/telescopic steering wheel
 - 60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat                                                                                subwoofer and amplifier
                                                                7-in. Multi-Information Display (MID)                            - Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19
Audio Multimedia                                                Manual second- and third-row sunshades                           - Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24 compatible
 	Premium Audio includes:                                                                                                       - SiriusXM® 28 with 3-month Platinum Plan
   - 9-in. touchscreen and 12 JBL® 23 speakers including       Audio Multimedia                                                    trial subscription29
     subwoofer and amplifier                                    Premium Audio includes:                                         Connected Services10 Safety Connect® trial14
                                                                                                                               	
   - Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19                     - 9-in. touchscreen and 12 JBL® 23 speakers including          4G network dependent.
   - Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay® 24 compatible               subwoofer and amplifier
   - SiriusXM® 28 with 3-month Platinum Plan                    - Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19                      Safety Features
     trial subscription29                                       - Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24 compatible                Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)30
 Connected Services10 Safety Connect® trial14                   - SiriusXM® 28 with 3-month Platinum Plan
                                                                                                                               Star Safety System™
 4G network dependent.                                            trial subscription29
                                                                                                                               Ten airbags 41
                                                                 Connected Services10 Safety Connect® trial14
                                                                	
Safety Features                                                 4G network dependent.                                          	B lind Spot Monitor (BSM) 42 with Rear Cross-Traffic
 Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)30                                                                                            Alert (RCTA) 43
                                                               Safety Features
 Star Safety System™
                                                                Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)30
                                                                                                                              Packages/Options
 Ten airbags   41
                                                                                                                               1500W power outlet 5
                                                                Star Safety System™
 	B lind Spot Monitor (BSM) 42 with Rear Cross-Traffic                                                                        Entertainment Package
   Alert (RCTA) 43                                              Ten airbags   41


                                                                	B lind Spot Monitor (BSM) 42 with Rear Cross-Traffic
Option                                                            Alert (RCTA) 43
 Entertainment Package
                                                               Packages/Options
                                                                1500W power outlet 5
                                                                Entertainment Package




                                                                                                                                                See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
S I E N N A C O LO R S & T R I M S

                                                      LE fabric shown in Gray          XLE SofTex®3 shown in Chateau




Midnight Black Metallic   Blueprint



                                                                                       Graphite

                                                      XSE SofTex®3 shown in Gray       Woodland Edition SofTex®3
                                                      Flannel with Moonstone           shown in Gray Flannel with Black




Cypress                   Ruby Flare Pearl 2




                                                      Gray Flannel with Black



Sunset Bronze Mica        Predawn Gray Mica           XSE Premium perforated leather   Limited perforated leather
                                                      shown in Black                   shown in Chateau




Cement                    Celestial Silver Metallic

                                                                                       Graphite

                                                      Platinum perforated leather
                                                      shown in Noble Brown




Wind Chill Pearl2         Ice Cap




                                                                                         See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
SIENNA WHEELS




          LE and XLE               XSE FWD           XSE AWD and Woodland Edition
      17-in. alloy wheels     20-in. dark wheels           18-in. dark wheels




       XLE and Limited          Platinum AWD                  Platinum FWD
     18-in. bright wheels   18-in. metallic wheels        20-in. metallic wheels




                                                            See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
S I E N N A ACC E S SO R I E S


This is a great way to add extra personality to your Sienna. Not every accessory is available

in your area, so for a complete list of accessories, go to toyota.com/sienna/accessories.




All-weather floor liner46                                      Body side moldings                                           Cargo liner48




Cargo organizer48                                              Cargo tray48                                                 Cross bars49




Illuminated doorsills                                          Towing hitch receiver and wiring harness50, 51               Integrated dashcam52




WARRANTIES
Every Toyota Car, Truck and SUV is built to exceptional standards. And that’s not idle      Accessories: For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased at the time of the new vehicle
boasting. We back it up with these Limited Warranty Coverages:                              purchase, the Toyota Accessory Warranty coverage is in effect for 36 months/36,000 miles
Basic: 36 months/36,000 miles (all components other than normal wear and                    from the vehicle’s in-service date, which is the same coverage as the Toyota New
maintenance items).                                                                         Vehicle Limited Warranty.

Hybrid-Related Component Coverage: Hybrid-related components, including the battery         For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased after the new vehicle purchase the coverage
control module, hybrid control module and inverter with converter, are covered for          is 12 months, regardless of mileage, from the date the accessory was installed on the
8 years/100,000 miles. Refer to applicable Warranty and Maintenance Guide for details.      vehicle, or the remainder of any applicable new vehicle warranty, whichever provides
                                                                                            greater coverage.
Hybrid Battery: HV battery is covered for 10 years or 150,000 miles, whichever comes
first. Warranty coverage is subject to terms and conditions. Refer to applicable Warranty   You may be eligible for transportation assistance if it’s necessary that your vehicle be
and Maintenance Guide for details.                                                          kept overnight for repairs covered under warranty. Please see your authorized Toyota
                                                                                            dealership for further details.
Powertrain: 60 months/60,000 miles (engine, transmission/transaxle, drive system,
seatbelts and airbags).                                                                     For complete details about Toyota’s warranties, please visit www.toyota.com, refer to
                                                                                            the applicable Warranty and Maintenance Guide or see your Toyota dealer.
Rust-Through: 60 months/unlimited miles (corrosion perforation of sheet metal).
Emissions: Coverages vary under Federal and California regulations. Refer to applicable
Warranty and Maintenance Guide for details.

                                                                                                                                                 See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
S I E N N A F E A T U R E S 53                                                       S = Standard O = Optional A = Available P = Available as part of a package

						         Woodland
Exterior
			 LE XLE XSE  Edition                                                                                                                      Limited        Platinum

LED headlights and LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) with auto on/off feature		   S                S		S		
LED headlights and LED-strip DRL with auto on/off feature				                                                    S                              S
Signature Bi-LED projector headlights and LED-strip Daytime Running
Lights (DRL) with auto on/off feature						                                                                                                                       S
Integrated wide-angle LED fog lights			                                                           S              S               S              S                 S
LED taillights and stop lights		                                                 S                S		S
Premium LED taillights and stop lights				                                                                       S                              S                 S
Black side rocker panels				                                                                                     S                              S                 S
Black grille		                                                                   S                S		S		
Dark gray metallic grille					                                                                                                                  S                 S
Metallic black sport mesh front grille				                                                                       S			
Color-keyed heated power outside mirrors with blind spot warning indicators42    S                S		S		
Black heated power outside mirrors with blind spot warning indicators42         			S			
Color-keyed heated power auto-dimming outside mirrors with blind
spot warning indicators,42 puddle lights and power-folding, reverse
tilt-down and memory features				                                                                                P		S
Color-keyed heated power auto-dimming outside mirrors with blind
spot warning indicators,42 puddle lights and power-folding, reverse
tilt-down, memory and Panoramic View Monitor (PVM)47 features 							S
Dual power sliding side doors		                                                  S					
Hands-free dual power sliding side doors45			S                                                                   S               S              S                 S
Power liftgate with jam protection		                                                              S              S               S              S                 S
Hands-free power liftgate with jam protection45			A                                                              A		 A                                            A
Color-keyed outside door handles		                                               S					
Chrome-accented color-keyed outside door handles			                                               S              S               S              S                 S
Power tilt/slide moonroof with sunshade		                                        P                S              S               S              S                 S
17-in. alloy wheels with P235/65R17 tires		                                      S                S                              		
18-in. dark wheels with P245/60R18 tires (AWD) 				                                                              S               S		
18-in. metallic wheels with P235/60R18 tires (AWD)							                                                                                                         S
18-in. bright wheels with P235/60R18 tires			                                                     O				S
20-in. dark wheels with P235/50R20 tires (FWD)				                                                               S			
20-in. metallic wheels with P235/50R20 tires (FWD)						                                                                                                          S
Variable windshield wipers 		                                                    S                S              S               S              S
Rain-sensing variable windshield wipers 						                                                                                                                    S
Intermittent rear wiper		                                                        S                S              S               S              S                 S
Black roof rails		                                                               P                P              P               S		
Black roof rail cross bars				                                                                                                   S
Chrome roof rails					                                                                                                                          S                 S
Rear lower bumper in black		                                                     S                S		S		
Rear lower bumper in black sport mesh				                                                                        S			
Rear lower bumper in black with chrome accent					                                                                                              S                 S
Color-keyed rear spoiler with LED center high-mount stop light and
integrated concealed intermittent rear wiper		                                   S                S              S               S              S                 S
Black Toyota emblem and grade badge				                                                                                          S
Black Sienna logo liftgate license garnish 		                                    S                S              S               S		
Chrome-accented Sienna logo liftgate license garnish						                                                                                      S                 S
Chrome Toyota emblem and grade badge		                                           S                S              S		 S                                            S
                       S
Chrome AWD badge (AWD)		 S S		S                                                                                                                                   S
Black AWD badge					S		
Black roof-mounted shark-fin antenna		                                           S                S              S               S
Color-keyed roof-mounted shark-fin antenna						S                                                                                                                 S
Towing hitch receiver50,51 and wiring harness with 4-pin connector					                                                          S


Interior
Three-zone automatic climate control with air filter, individual
temperature settings for driver, front passenger and rear-seat
passengers, and separate rear digital control panel 		                           S					
Four-zone automatic climate control with air filter, individual
temperature settings for driver, front passenger and rear-seat
passengers, and separate rear digital control panel 			                                           S              S               S              S                 S
                           S
Integrated backup camera54		 S S                                                                                                 S              S                 S
Panoramic View Monitor (PVM)47 with 360-degree Overhead View in
low-speed drive and reverse, and Curb View						                                                                                                                  S
Driver Easy Speak			                                                                              P              S               S              S                 S
1080p HD Entertainment Center with 11.6-in. display, HDMI inputs,
remote and two wireless headphones55			P                                                                         P               P              P                 P

                                                                                                                             See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
S I E N N A F E A T U R E S 53                                                         S = Standard O = Optional A = Available P = Available as part of a package

						                          Woodland
Interior (continued)
			                  LE XLE XSE  Edition                                                                                                       Limited        Platinum

                                            P
Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging 		 P
                                             44
                                                                                                                   P               S              S                 S
1500W inverter (with two 120V AC outlets)5			P                                                                     P               S              O                 O
Fabric-trimmed front seats with seatback pockets; 8-way
power-adjustable driver’s seat		                                                   S					
SofTex®-trimmed3 heated front seats with seatback pockets;
8-way power-adjustable driver’s seat with power lumbar;
4-way power-adjustable front passenger seat			                                                      S				
SofTex®3 sport-trimmed heated front seats with seatback pockets;
8-way power-adjustable driver’s seat with power lumbar; 4-way
power-adjustable front passenger seat				                                                                          S               S		
Leather-trimmed heated and ventilated front seats with seatback pockets;
8-way power-adjustable driver’s seat with power lumbar and driver
memory function; 4-way power-adjustable front passenger seat				                                                   P		S                                             S
8-passenger seating with fabric-trimmed second-row bench with
stowable center seat		                                                             S					
8-passenger seating with SofTex®-trimmed3 second-row bench with
stowable center seat (FWD)			                                                                       S				
7-passenger seating with SofTex®-trimmed3 second-row captain’s
chairs with super-long-slide feature (FWD/AWD)			                                                   S				
7-passenger seating with SofTex®3 sport-trimmed second-row
captain’s chairs with super-long-slide feature				                                                                 S               S		
7-passenger seating with premium leather-trimmed second-row-seat
captain’s chairs with super-long-slide feature and ottomans4						S
7-passenger seating with heated premium leather-trimmed second-row-seat
captain’s chairs with super-long-slide feature and ottomans4 							S
Fabric-trimmed 60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat		                  S					
SofTex®-trimmed3 60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat			                                S			S                                                           S
SofTex®3 sport-trimmed 60/40 One-Motion-Stow Split & Stow 3rd Row® seat				                                        S               S		
Tilt/telescopic steering wheel with audio, Multi-Information Display (MID),
Bluetooth®56 hands-free phone and voice-command, Full-Speed Range
Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC),32 Lane Departure Alert (LDA)33
and Lane Tracing Assist (LTA)35 controls 		                                        S					
Leather-wrapped tilt/telescopic steering wheel with audio, Multi-Information
Display (MID), Bluetooth®56 hands-free phone and voice-command,
Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC),32 Lane Departure
Alert (LDA)33 and Lane Tracing Assist (LTA)35 controls			                                           S              S               S		
Leather-wrapped tilt/telescopic steering wheel with memory and with
audio, Multi-Information Display (MID), Bluetooth®56 hands-free phone and
voice-command, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC),32
Lane Departure Alert (LDA)33 and Lane Tracing Assist (LTA)35 controls				P		S
Leather-wrapped, heated, tilt/telescopic steering wheel with memory and
with audio, Multi-Information Display (MID), Bluetooth®56 hands-free phone
and voice-command, Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control
(DRCC),32 Lane Departure Alert (LDA)33 and Lane Tracing Assist (LTA)35 controls							S
4.2-in. color TFT Multi-Information Display (MID) with odometer,
fuel economy, trip information and warning messages		                              S                S              S               S		
7-in. Multi-Information Display (MID) with odometer, fuel economy,
trip information and warning messages				                                                                          P		S                                             S
Remote keyless entry system with lock, unlock, panic and Push Button Start		       S					
Smart Key System on five doors with Push Button Start and
remote illuminated entry			                                                                         S              S               S              S                 S
Power windows with one-touch auto up/down, jam protection in all positions		       S                S              S               S              S                 S
Rear window defogger with timer		                                                  S                S              S               S              S                 S
Power door locks with shift-activated locking feature and anti-lockout feature		   S                S              S               S              S                 S
Manual second-row sunshades		                                                      S                S              S               S		
Manual second- and third-row sunshades				                                                                         P		S                                             S
Non-glare rearview mirror		                                                        S					
Auto-dimming rearview mirror and HomeLink®57 universal transceiver		               P                S              S               S              S                 S
10-in. color Head-Up Display (HUD) with speedometer, navigation
and Hybrid System Indicator							S
Overhead console with maplights and dome lights, side door controls
and Safety Connect®14		                                             S					
Overhead console with maplights and dome lights, side door and liftgate
controls, conversation mirror, sunglassses storage and Safety Connect®14                            S              S               S              S                 S
Fixed center console with wood-grain-style accents, pass-through,
illuminated storage compartment and four illuminated cup holders		                 S                S		 S                                         S                 S
Fixed center console with satin-grain-style accents, pass-through,
illuminated storage compartment and four illuminated cup holders				                                               S			
Lockable glove compartment		                                                       S                S              S               S              S                 S
One 12V 58 DC outlet (under bridge console)		                                      S                S              S               S              S                 S
                                       S
One USB port and six USB charge ports8		 S S                                                                                       S              S                 S

                                                                                                                               See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
S I E N N A F E AT U R E S53                                                             S = Standard O = Optional A = Available P = Available as part of a package

						                          Woodland
Interior (continued)
			                  LE XLE XSE  Edition                                                                                                         Limited        Platinum

Retractable assist grips at all outboard seating positions		                         S                S              S               S              S                 S
Dual sun visors with illuminated vanity mirrors		                                    S                S              S               S              S                 S
Up to 18 cup and bottle holders		                                                    S                S              S               S              S                 S
Front- and rear-door map pockets with bottle holders		                               S                S              S               S              S                 S
Electric Parking Brake (EPB)39 with Brake Hold40 function		                          S                S              S               S              S                 S


Audio Multimedia
Audio — 9-in. touchscreen, six speakers, Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24
compatible, seven USB ports,8 hands-free phone capability and music
streaming56 via Bluetooth®56 wireless technology, SiriusXM®28 with 3-month
Platinum Plan trial subscription.29 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.
Connected Services10 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial,14 Wi-Fi Connect with up
to 2 GB within 3-month trial.18 See toyota.com/connected-services for details.
4G network dependent.		                                                              S					
Audio Plus — 9-in. touchscreen, eight speakers, Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24
compatible, seven USB ports,8 hands-free phone capability and music streaming56
via Bluetooth®56 wireless technology, SiriusXM®28 with 3-month Platinum Plan
trial subscription.28 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.
Connected Services10 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial,14 Service Connect with
10-year trial,17 Remote Connect with 1-year trial,7 Wi-Fi Connect with up to 2 GB
within 3-month trial.18 See toyota.com/connected-services for details.
4G network dependent.		                                                              P                S				
Premium Audio and Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19 — 9-in. touchscreen,
eight speakers, Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24 compatible, seven USB ports,8
hands-free phone capability and music streaming56 via Bluetooth®56 wireless
technology, SiriusXM®28 with 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription.29
See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details. Connected Services10 — Safety Connect®
with 1-year trial,14 Remote Connect with 1-year trial,7 Service Connect with 10-year trial,17
Wi-Fi Connect with up to 2 GB within 3-month trial.18 See toyota.com/connected-services
for details. 4G network dependent.				                                                                               S		S
Premium Audio and Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19 — 9-in. touchscreen,
12 JBL®23 speakers, including subwoofer and amplifier, Android Auto™27 & Apple
CarPlay®24 compatible, seven USB ports,8 hands-free phone capability and
music streaming56 via Bluetooth®56 wireless technology, SiriusXM®28 with
3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription.29 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia
for details. Connected Services10 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial,14 Service
Connect with 10-year trial,17 Remote Connect with 1-year trial,7 Wi-Fi Connect with
up to 2 GB within 3-month trial,18 Destination Assist with 1-year trial.20
See toyota.com/connected-services for details. 4G network dependent.			                               P              P               S              S                 S


Safety and Convenience
                Star Safety System™ — includes Enhanced Vehicle Stability
                Control (VSC),59 Traction Control (TRAC), Anti-lock Brake
                System (ABS), Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD),
                Brake Assist (BA)60 and Smart Stop Technology® (SST)61 		            S                S              S               S              S                 S
Toyota Safety Sense™ 2.0 (TSS 2.0)30 — Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian
Detection (PCS w/PD),31 Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control
(DRCC),32 Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist (LDA w/SA),33 Automatic
High Beams (AHB),34 Lane Tracing Assist (LTA)35 and Road Sign Assist (RSA)36		S                       S              S               S              S                 S
Ten airbags41 — includes driver and front passenger Advanced Airbag
System, driver, front passenger and second-row outboard seat-mounted
side airbags, driver knee airbag, front passenger seat-cushion airbag,
side curtain airbags		                                                               S                S              S               S              S                 S
3-point seatbelts for all seating positions; driver-side Emergency
Locking Retractor (ELR) and Automatic/Emergency Locking Retractors
(ALR/ELR) on all passenger seatbelts		                                               S                S              S               S              S                 S
Adjustable seatbelt anchors on front and outboard second-row seats
and driver and front passenger seatbelt pretensioners with force limiters		          S                S              S               S              S                 S
Four LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) locations: includes
lower anchors on outboard second-row seats, and passenger-side
and center third-row seats			                                                                         S              S               S              S                 S
Five LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) locations:
includes lower anchors on all three second-row seats, and
passenger-side and center third-row seats		                                          S					
Child-protector rear door locks		                                                    S                S              S               S              S                 S
Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS) 62 with direct pressure readout
and individual tire location alert		                                                 S                S              S               S              S                 S
Safety Connect®14 — includes Emergency Assistance, Stolen Vehicle
Locator,16 Roadside Assistance15 and Automatic Collision Notification.
Available by subscription. Complimentary one-year trial subscription.14
(Includes roof-mounted shark-fin antenna)		                                          S                S              S               S              S                 S
Front and Rear Parking Assist Sonar with Automatic Braking (PA w/AB) 9 			                            S              S               S              S                 S
Blind Spot Monitor (BSM)42 with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA)43
with Rear Cross-Traffic Braking (RCTB)		                                             S                S              S               S              S                 S
Hill Start Assist Control (HAC)63 		                                                 S                S              S               S              S                 S



                                                                                                                                 See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
S I E N N A PAC K AG E S                                                         S = Standard O = Optional A = Available P = Available as part of a package

						                                        Woodland
Safety
			    and Convenience (continued) LE XLE XSE  Edition                                                                                   Limited        Platinum

Anti-theft system with alarm and engine immobilizer64                        S                S              S               S              S                 S
Tire repair kit                                                              S                S              S               S              S                 S


Packages and Options
LE Plus Package: includes auto-dimming rearview mirror and HomeLink®57
universal transceiver, Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging,44
power tilt/slide moonroof with sunshade, black roof rails and Audio Plus —
includes 9-in. touchscreen, eight speakers, seven USB ports,8 hands-free
phone capability and music streaming56 via Bluetooth®56 wireless
technology, Android Auto™27 & Apple CarPlay®24 compatible, SiriusXM®28
with 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription.29 See toyota.com/
audio-multimedia for details. Connected Services10 — Safety Connect®
with 1-year trial,14 Service Connect with 10-year trial,17 Remote Connect
with 1-year trial,7 Wi-Fi Connect with up to 2 GB within 3-month trial.18
See toyota.com/connected-services for details.                               P					
XLE Plus Package: includes Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging,44
black roof rails and Premium Audio, Dynamic Navigation trial19 and JBL®
w/Clari-Fi®65 — includes 9-in. touchscreen, 12 JBL®23 speakers including
subwoofer and amplifier, seven USB ports,8 hands-free phone capability
and music streaming56 via Bluetooth®56 wireless technology, Android Auto™27
& Apple CarPlay®24 compatible, SiriusXM®28 with 3-month Platinum Plan
trial subscription.29 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.
Connected Services10 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial,14 Service
Connect with 10-year trial,17 Remote Connect with 1-year trial,7 Wi-Fi
Connect with up to 2 GB within 3-month trial,18 Destination Assist with
1-year trial.20 See toyota.com/connected-services for details.		                              P				
XSE Plus Package: includes Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging,44
black roof rails and Premium Audio, Dynamic Navigation trial19 and JBL®
w/Clari-Fi®65 — includes 9-in. touchscreen, 12 speakers including subwoofer
and amplifier, seven USB ports,8 hands-free phone capability and music
streaming56 via Bluetooth®56 wireless technology, Android Auto™27 &
Apple CarPlay®24 compatible, SiriusXM®28 with 3-month Platinum Plan
trial subscription.29 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.
Connected Services10 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial,14 Service Connect
with 10-year trial,17 Remote Connect with 1-year trial,7 Wi-Fi Connect with
up to 2 GB within 3-month trial,18 Destination Assist with 1-year trial.20
See toyota.com/connected-services for details.			                                                            P			
XSE Premium Package: includes Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging;44
black roof rails; Premium Audio and Dynamic Navigation with 3-year trial19 — 9-in.
touchscreen, 12 JBL®23 speakers including subwoofer and amplifier; 7-in. color
Multi-Information Display (MID); Leather-wrapped, power tilt/telescopic steering
wheel with memory; heated power auto-dimming outside mirrors with blind spot
warning indicators,42 puddle lights and power-folding, reverse tilt-down, and
memory features; leather-trimmed heated and ventilated front seats with
seatback pockets; 8-way power-adjustable driver’s seat with power lumbar and
driver memory function; manual second- and third-row sunshades			                                            P				
Entertainment Package: includes 1080p HD Entertainment Center with
11.6-in. display, HDMI input, remote and two wireless headphones55                            P*            P**              P              P                 P
                                           O*
1500W inverter (with two 120V AC outlets)5		  O** S O                                                                                                         O
Spare tire4                                                                  O                O              O              O               O                 O
Roof rails                                                                   O                O              O               S              S                 S


                                                                                                                                             *Requires Plus Package
S I E N N A S P EC I F I C AT I O N S                                                                                  ** Requires Plus Package or Premium Package




Mechanical/Performance
ENGINE
Hybrid — 2.5-Liter with Double Overhead Cam (DOHC), 16-Valve,
D-4S Injection and Dual VVT-i		                                              S                S              S               S              S                 S
245 net hybrid system hp		                                                   S                S              S               S              S                 S

EMISSION RATING
                                           S
Super Ultra Low Emission Vehicle (SULEV)22		 S                                                               S               S              S                 S

ELECTRIC MOTORS
Permanent magnet synchronous motors (two front) (FWD)		                      S                S              S		S                                             S
Permanent magnet synchronous motors (two front, one rear) (AWD)		            S                S              S               S              S                 S

TRACTION BATTERY
Battery type: sealed Nickel-Metal Hydride (Ni-MH)		                          S                S              S               S              S                 S

TRANSMISSION
Electronically controlled Continuously Variable Transmission (ECVT)
with sequential shift mode		                                                 S                S              S               S              S                 S




                                                                                                                         See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
S I E N N A S P EC I F I C AT I O N S                                           S = Standard O = Optional A = Available P = Available as part of a package

						         Woodland
Mechanical/Performance (continued)
			 LE XLE XSE  Edition                                                                                                                      Limited         Platinum

DRIVETRAIN
Front-Wheel Drive (FWD)		                                                   S                 S                S		 S                                              S
Electronic On-Demand All-Wheel Drive (AWD) system 		                        A                 A                A                S                A                A

DRIVE MODES
Normal, Eco, EV,37 Sport		                                                  S                 S                S                S                S                S

SUSPENSION
Increased ground clearance					S
Sport-tuned suspension				S			

STEERING
Electric Power Steering (EPS)		                                             S                 S		 S                                              S                S
Sport-tuned Electric Power Steering (EPS) 				                                                                 S			
Turning circle diameter, curb to curb (ft.) (FWD) 		                      38.30             38.30            39.20            38.30            38.30            39.20

Turning circle diameter, curb to curb (ft.) (AWD) 		                      38.30             38.30            39.20            38.30            38.30            38.30

BRAKES
Ventilated 12.9-in. front disc brakes		                                     S                 S                S                S                S                S
Ventilated 12.5-in. rear disc brakes		                                      S                 S                S                S                S                S


Dimensions
EXTERIOR DIMENSIONS (in.)
Overall length		                                                          203.7             203.7            204.1            203.7            203.7            203.7

Overall width		                                                           78.5              78.5             78.5             78.5             78.5             78.5

Overall height, unloaded, with/without roof rails		                     68.5/69.7         68.5/69.7        68.5/69.7        NA/70.3          68.5/69.7        68.5/69.7

Wheelbase		
          120.5 120.5 120.5 120.5 120.5                                                                                                                         120.5

Track (front/rear)		                                                    67.7/68.5         67.7/68.5        67.7/68.5        67.7/68.5        67.7/68.5        67.7/68.5

Ground clearance		                                                        6.37              6.37             6.37             6.96             6.37             6.37

Coefficient of drag (Cd)		                                                0.29              0.29             0.31             0.29             0.29             0.29

INTERIOR DIMENSIONS, front/second-row/third-row seats (in.)
Passenger volume with/without moonroof (cu. ft.)		                     159.7/162.5       159.7/162.5      159.7/162.5      159.7/162.5      159.7/162.5      159.7/162.5

Interior volume with/without moonroof (cu. ft.)		                      193.2/195.9       193.2/195.9      193.2/195.9      193.2/195.9      193.2/195.9      193.2/195.9

Head room		                                                           40.1/39.9/37.4    40.1/39.9/37.4   40.1/39.9/37.4   40.1/39.9/37.4   40.1/39.9/37.4   40.1/39.9/37.4

Shoulder room		                                                       62.4/62.7/58.5    62.4/62.7/58.5   62.4/62.7/58.5   62.4/62.7/58.5   62.4/62.7/58.5   62.4/62.7/58.5

Hip room		                                                            59.6/66.2/48.8    59.6/66.2/48.8   59.6/66.2/48.8   59.6/66.2/48.8   59.6/66.2/48.8   59.6/66.2/48.8

Leg room		                                                            40.3/39.9/38.7    40.3/39.9/38.7   40.3/39.9/38.7   40.3/39.9/38.7   40.3/39.9/38.7   40.3/39.9/38.7



Weights and Capacities
Curb weight (lb.)		                                                       4610              4625             4675             4625             4725             4725

Cargo volume48 (cu. ft.) behind third/second-row/first-row seats 		   33.5/75.2/101     33.5/75.2/101    33.5/75.2/101    33.5/75.2/101    33.5/75.2/101    33.5/75.2/101
Fuel tank (gal.)		                                                         18                18               18               18               18               18

Seating capacity		                                                          8                8/7               7                7                7                7


Towing
Towing capacity50, 51 (lb.) 		                                            3500              3500             3500             3500             3500             3500



Tires
All-Season steel-belted radials 		                                          S                 S                S                S                S                S
Tire repair kit		                                                           S                 S                S                S                S                S
            O
Spare tire4		 O O O O                                                                                                                                             O


Mileage estimates (mpg city/highway/combined)         38



Front-Wheel Drive (FWD)		                                              36/36/36          36/36/36         36/36/36		                        36/36/36         36/36/36
All-Wheel Drive (AWD)		                                                35/36/35          35/36/35         35/36/35         35/36/35         35/36/35         35/36/35




                                                                                                                           See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
D I S C LO S U R E S


1. 2024 Sienna vs. 2023 and 2024 competitors. Information from manufacturers’ websites as of 8/07/2023. Excludes electric vehicles. EPA-estimated 36 city/36 hwy/36 combined mpg
for 2024 Sienna FWD models. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle’s condition and how/where you drive. See www.
fueleconomy.gov. 2. Extra-cost color. 3. SofTex® is a registered trademark of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. 4. When spare tire is added to Limited AWD or Platinum AWD, second-row
ottomans are removed. Do not use the ottoman feature when the vehicle is in motion. Only use when the vehicle is stationary. If the ottoman feature is in use during an accident, the
lap belt may slide past the hips. This could result in restraint forces being applied directly to the abdomen, or your neck may contact the shoulder belt, increasing the risk of death or
serious injury. See Owner’s Manual for details. 5. Rated for 1500 watts shared between both outlets. Do not exceed 1500 watts. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details.
6. 2024 Sienna vs. 2023 and 2024 competitors. Information from manufacturers’ websites as of 8/07/2023. 7. Use only if aware of circumstances surrounding vehicle it is legal safe to do
so (e.g., do not remotely start a gas engine vehicle in an enclosed space or if vehicle is occupied by a child). Remote Connect depends on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in
order to operate, including cellular network availability and GPS signal. Without either of these things, operability may be limited or precluded. Services subject to change at any time
without notice. Bluetooth® connectivity is required if your subscription includes Digital Key capability. Remote start/stop only available on select models. See your Toyota dealer for details.
Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services’ data collection, use,
sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. The Toyota Remote Connect trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date
of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial to access the service. Terms of use apply. 8. May not be compatible with all mobile phones, smart devices,
tablets, e-readers, MP3/WMA players and like models. 9. Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking (PA w/AB) may warn drivers of, and potentially brake for front and rear
collisions with certain objects when traveling at low speeds. Drivers should visually confirm clearance during use. See Owner’s Manual for instructions and limitations.
10. Toyota Connected Services depend on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order to operate, including cellular network availability and GPS signal. Without either of these
things, operability may be limited or precluded, including access to response center and emergency support. Services vary by vehicle and are subject to change at any time without
notice. Requires app download/registration and subscription after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/
connected-services/. For Toyota’s Connected Services’ data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/.
11. An active Remote Connect trial or subscription is required to use the features mentioned in the Toyota app. 12. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in
the U.S. and other countries. 13. Google, Android, Android Auto, YouTube Music and other marks are trademarks of Google LLC. 14. Safety Connect® depends on factors outside of
Toyota’s control in order to operate, including cellular network availability and GPS signal. Without either of these things, operability may be limited or precluded, including access to
response center and emergency support. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. If subscription includes Automatic Collision Notification, it will activate only
in limited circumstances. Services vary by vehicle and are subject to change at any time without notice. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See Owner’s Manual and https://
www.toyota.com/connected-services/. For Toyota’s Connected Services’ data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-
notice/. The Safety Connect® trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. After the trial period expires, enrollment in paid
subscription is required to access the service. 15. Requires cellular network availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. May not work in all areas. Service may vary by vehicle and
region. See Toyota dealer for details and exclusions. 16. Building and/or parking structures may limit system effectiveness. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle
Locator. For additional assistance contact the Toyota Brand Engagement Center at 1-800-331-4331. 17. Service Connect depends on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order
to operate, including cellular network availability and GPS signal. Without either of these things, operability may be limited or precluded. Information provided is based on the last time
data was collected from vehicle and is not real-time data. Services vary by vehicle and are subject to change at any time without notice. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See
usage precautions and service limitations in Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services’ data collection, use, sharing
and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. The Service Connect trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or
lease of a new vehicle. Subscription required after trial. Service Connect renewal will be included when Safety Connect®, Remote Connect or Destination Assist connected service renewal
is selected. Service Connect is not renewable as a stand-alone service. 18. Service not available everywhere or in every vehicle. Depends on cellular network availability and GPS signal.
Without either of these things, operability may be limited or precluded. Up to 5 devices can be supported using in-vehicle connectivity. Services subject to change at any time without
notice. The Wi-Fi Connect trial begins at the time of enrollment and expires the earlier of 3GB data use or the 1-month trial period ends. Paid subscription required after trial. Select
models include Integrated Streaming capability, which requires a separate subscription to third-party provider services. Data charges may apply. Valid in the contiguous U.S. and Alaska.
Go to https://myvehicle.att.com/#/toyota/learn?language=en&country=US for terms and conditions. Terms and conditions apply. 19. Operability and accuracy of Dynamic Navigation
depends on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order to operate, including cellular network availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. Without any one or more of these
things, operability may be limited or precluded. Services not available in every city or roadway. Use common sense when relying on information provided. Service is subject to change
at any time without notice. Data charges may apply. See Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/ for limitations. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services
data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. The Dynamic Navigation trial period is at no extra cost and trial begins the
earlier of vehicle hits 100 miles or 1 year after multimedia system manufacture date (regardless of purchase or lease date). Paid subscription required after trial (if applicable). Terms of
Use apply. 20. Destination Assist requires a trial or subscription to Drive Connect. Drive Connect availability and accuracy depend on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order
to operate, including 4G network availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. Without any one or more of these things, operability may be limited or precluded. Services subject
to change at any time without notice. Requires app download/registration and subscription after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See Owner’s Manual
and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/ for limitations. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, visit https://www.
toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. The Destination Assist trial period begins on original purchase or lease date of new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial (if applicable).
Terms of Use apply. 21. Drive Connect availability and accuracy depend on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order to operate, including 4G network availability, a cellular
connection and GPS signal. Without any one or more of these things, operability may be limited or precluded. Services subject to change at any time without notice. Requires app
download/registration and subscription after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/ for
limitations. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. Trial period begins
on original purchase or lease date of new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. 22. Meets Tier 2/Bin 3 Federal emissions standard.
23. JBL® is a registered trademark of Harman International Industries, Inc. 24. Requires compatible smartphone. Operability depends on network availability, a cellular connection and
GPS signal. Services subject to change at any time without notice. Data charges may apply. To learn more, go to https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/. To learn more about
Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. Apple CarPlay® is a registered trademark
of Apple Inc. 25. iPhone® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. 26. Google, Android, Android Auto, YouTube Music and other marks are trademarks of Google LLC.
27. Google, Android, Android Auto, YouTube Music and other marks are trademarks of Google LLC. Android Auto requires compatible smartphone. Operability depends on network
availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. To use Android Auto on your car display, you’ll need an Android phone running Android 8 or higher, an active data plan, and the Android
Auto app. Services subject to change at any time without notice. Data charges may apply. To learn more, go to https://www.toyota.com/audio-multimedia/. To learn more about Toyota’s
Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. 28. Trial length and service availability may vary
by model, model year or trim. Service will automatically stop at the end of your trial subscription period unless you decide to continue service. If you do not wish to enjoy your trial, you
can cancel by calling the number below. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, each sold separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. Service subject to the SiriusXM Customer
Agreement and Privacy Policy; visit www.siriusxm.com to see complete terms and how to cancel which includes calling 1-866-635-2349. Some services and features are subject to device
capabilities and location availability. All fees, content and features are subject to change. SiriusXM, Pandora and all related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its respective
subsidiaries. 29. SiriusXM® services require a subscription after trial period. See SiriusXM Customer Agreement for complete terms at www.siriusxm.com. 30. Toyota Safety Sense™
effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. Drivers are responsible for their own safe driving. Always pay attention to your surroundings
and drive safely. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 31. The Pre-Collision System (PCS) with Pedestrian Detection (PD) is designed to determine if impact is imminent and help reduce
impact speed and damage in certain frontal collisions involving a vehicle, a pedestrian or a bicyclist. PCS w/PD is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving. System effectiveness
depends on many factors, such as speed, size and position of pedestrian or bicyclist and weather, light and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 32. Full-Speed Range
Dynamic Radar Cruise Control is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving. See Owner’s Manual for instructions and limitations. 33. Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist is
designed to read visible lane markers under certain conditions. It provides a visual/audible alert and slight steering force when lane departure is detected. It is not a collision-avoidance
system or a substitute for safe and attentive driving. Effectiveness depends on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s Manual for limitations.
34. Automatic High Beams operate at speeds above 21 mph. See Owner’s Manual for instruction and limitations. 35. Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist is designed to read visible
lane markers under certain conditions. It provides a visual/audible alert and slight steering force when lane departure is detected. It is not a collision-avoidance system or a substitute
for safe and attentive driving. Effectiveness depends on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 36. Road Sign Assist only
recognizes certain road signs. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 37. EV Mode lets you operate solely on battery power at low speeds for short distances and in limited circumstances,
such as in a parking garage. Different conditions may prevent or limit usage. See your Owner’s Manual for limitations and details. 38. EPA-estimated 36 city/36 hwy/36 combined mpg
rating for 2024 Sienna FWD models; 35 city/36 hwy/35 combined mpg rating for 2024 Sienna AWD models. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary for many reasons,
including your vehicle’s condition and how/where you drive. See www.fueleconomy.gov. 39. When the system is on, Electric Parking Brake is designed to engage the Parking Brake under
limited conditions. It may not hold the vehicle under all conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 40. When the system is on and the vehicle is in Drive, Brake
Hold may temporarily keep the brakes engaged after the driver brings the vehicle to a complete stop. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 41. Airbag systems supplement the seatbelts
and are designed to inflate only under certain conditions and in certain types of severe collisions. Always wear seatbelt, sit upright in middle and as far back in seat as possible to help
decrease risk of injury. Do not put objects in front of an airbag. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 42. Do not rely exclusively on Blind Spot Monitor. Look over shoulder and use turn
signal. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 43. Do not rely exclusively on the Rear Cross-Traffic Alert. Visually confirm clearance during use. See Owner’s Manual for limitations.
D I S C LO S U R E S


44. Charging may not be compatible with all mobile phones, smart devices, tablets, e-readers, MP3/WMA players and like products. 45. Kick sensor is not compatible with tow hitch and
other accessories that mount to or near the rear bumper. 46. This floor mat/floor liner was designed specifically for use in your model and model year vehicle and SHOULD NOT be used
in any other vehicle. To avoid potential interference with pedal operation, each mat/liner must be secured with its fasteners. Do not install a floor mat/floor liner on top of an existing
floor mat/floor liner. 47. The Panoramic View Monitor does not provide a comprehensive view of the area surrounding your vehicle. Look around to confirm clearance. See Owner’s Manual
for limitations. 48. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution. Always properly secure cargo and cargo area. 49. Do not overload vehicle and properly secure roof load.
See Owner’s Manual for weight limits and restrictions. 50. Selection of the Genuine Toyota tow hitch will require removing or disabling the kick sensor, and the sensor operation setting
in your vehicle should be turned off. Water, weather, dirt and other conditions also may cause the sensor to not operate properly or to operate unintentionally. See Owner’s Manual for
limitations. 51. Before towing, confirm your vehicle and trailer are compatible, hooked up and loaded properly and that you have any necessary additional equipment. Do not exceed
any Weight Ratings and follow all instructions in your Owner’s Manual. The maximum you can tow depends on base curb weight plus the total weight of any cargo, occupants, and added
vehicle equipment. “Added vehicle equipment” includes additional standard/optional equipment and accessories added by the manufacturer, dealers, and/or vehicle owners. The only
way to be certain of your vehicle’s exact curb weight is to weigh your vehicle without passengers or cargo. [Calculated with the new SAE J2807 method.] See Owner’s Manual for
limitations. 52. Dashcam may not record under certain conditions. Use in accordance with applicable laws. See dashcam Owner’s Manual for details. 53. Toyota strives to build vehicles
to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available
in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer a vehicle without any or with different options,
contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order. Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the
format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print). 54. The backup camera does not provide a comprehensive view. Always look over shoulder and use outside
mirrors. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 55. Headphones are for passenger use only. 56. A compatible Bluetooth®-enabled phone must first be paired. Phone performance depends
on software, coverage and carrier. The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. Use of such marks by Toyota is under license. 57. HomeLink® and
the HomeLink® house icon are registered trademarks of Gentex Corporation. 58. Rated for 12 volts/10 amps. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 59. Vehicle Stability
Control is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. Factors including speed, road conditions, weather and steering input can affect whether VSC will be effective. See
Owner’s Manual for limitations. 60. Brake Assist is designed to help the driver take advantage of ABS and is not a substitute for safe driving practices. Braking effectiveness also depends
on proper vehicle maintenance, tire and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 61. Smart Stop Technology® will reduce power to help the brakes
bring vehicle to a stop during certain contemporaneous brake and accelerator pedal applications. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 62. The Tire Pressure Monitor System alerts the
driver when tire pressure is critically low. For optimal tire wear and performance, tire pressure should be checked regularly with a gauge; do not rely solely on the monitor system. See
Owner’s Manual for limitations and details. 63. Hill Start Assist Control is designed to minimize backward rolling on steep ascents. Not a substitute for safe driving judgment and practices.
Speed, grade, surface conditions, driver input, etc., can all affect HAC function. See Owner’s Manual. 64. The engine immobilizer is a state-of-the-art anti-theft system initiated when
the key is inserted into ignition switch or a Smart Key fob is in/near the vehicle. Engine will only start if the code in the transponder chip inside the key/fob matches the code in vehicle’s
immobilizer. The transponder chip is embedded in the key/fob and can be costly to replace. For lost key or fob, see a Toyota dealer or go to www.aloa.org to find a qualified locksmith
for high-security key service. 65. JBL® and Clari-Fi® are registered trademarks of Harman International Industries, Inc.


Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available
separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer
a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order.
Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print).
Some vehicles are shown with available equipment. Seatbelts should be worn at all times. For details on vehicle specifications, standard features and available equipment in your
area, contact your Toyota dealer. A vehicle with particular equipment may not be available at the dealership. Ask your Toyota dealer to help locate a specifically equipped vehicle.
All information presented herein is based on data available at the time of posting, is subject to change without notice and pertains specifically to mainland U.S.A. vehicles only.
Vehicles shown may be prototypes, shown using visual effects and/or shown with options. Actual models may vary.




                                                                                                                                                         For Toyota Mobility program details,
                                                                                                                                                         go to www.toyotamobility.com or
                                                                                                                                                         call the Toyota Brand Engagement
                                                                                                                                                         Center at 1-800-331-4331
