                                                           ®




       TRANSIT CONNECT
                                                       ®


2022
          PA S S E N G E R WA G O N | C A R G O VA N
PICK YOUR
NEW PARTNER.
Venturing into a new business or racking up road trips takes more than just a reliable
vehicle. You need a partner that’s smart, thinks ahead, and moves forward. The 2022
Built Ford Tough ® Transit Connect® lineup can help you make things happen. These
versatile, nimble Passenger Wagons and Cargo Vans propel your passions with a choice
of I-4 engines. The standard 2.0L GDI offers EcoMode and EcoCoach technologies
designed to help you drive smart, while the available 2.5L iVCT offers you alternative
fuel options. Transit Connect Passenger Wagon offers the most available seating in its
class,1 up to 7 individuals. And room for items up to 117.5" long2 in Cargo Van LWB that’s
also best-in-class. No wonder entrepreneurs, active families, and savvy individuals
like you seal the deal with Transit Connect – America’s best-selling small van.3




CARGO VAN XLT LWB. Frozen White. Available and aftermarket upfit equipment.
PASSENGER WAGON TITANIUM LWB. Sedona Orange Metallic. Ford Licensed Accessories,
and other available and aftermarket upfit equipment.
Vehicle imagery throughout this brochure may have been created digitally and includes
available and aftermarket upfit equipment. 1. Class is Small Vans. 2. Cargo Van LWB (shown) with
front-passenger seat folded down. 101.7" max. length on Cargo Van SWB (not shown). 3. Based
on total U.S. reported sales (2020 CY).
   CRUISE AND CONNECT
   COMFORT AND TECHNOLOGY.
   Dual-zone electronic automatic temperature control, heated 1st-row seats and power-
   folding, heated sideview mirrors are available to help you stay comfortably in control.
   Transit Connect® vans offer class-exclusive available wireless phone charging to keep
   your compatible phone topped up,1 while available MyKey ® technology can help you
   encourage responsible driving by programming reminders to obey speed limits, keep the
   audio volume low and much more.

                                                                                                                         SCAN TO LEARN MORE
   Start, stop, lock and unlock your Transit Connect vehicle from your smartphone with                                   or visit Ford.com/SYNC
   FordPass™ Connect and the FordPass App.2 Connect up to 10 devices at once – inside                                     Data rates may apply.
   the vehicle or up to 50' away – with 4G LTE Wi-Fi hotspot capability.3




SYNC® 3 4
• Sleek, user-friendly interface                    • Apple CarPlay ® compatibility 5                  • Available Voice-Activated
• Fast, smart and simple connectivity               • Android Auto™ compatibility 5                      Touchscreen Navigation System7
• 6.5" LCD touchscreen                              • Available SiriusXM® with 3-month                 • Standard on XLT/TITANIUM,
• 2 smart-charging USB ports                          All Access trial subscription6                     optional on XL




   CARGO VAN XLT. Ebony seating. Driver seat manual lumbar. Fold-flat front-passenger seat back. Cruise control. SYNC 3.
   Available equipment.
   Don’t drive while distracted or while using handheld devices. Use voice-operated systems when possible.
   1. Qi wireless charging may not be compatible with all mobile phones. 2. FordPass Connect, the FordPass App, and complimentary
   Connected Service are required for remote features (see FordPass Terms for details). Connected service and features depend on compatible
   AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent operation of
   connected features. Connected service excludes Wi-Fi hotspot. 3. Wi-Fi hotspot includes complimentary wireless data trial that begins
   upon AT&T activation and expires at the end of 3 months or when 3GB of data is used, whichever comes first. To activate, go to
   www.att.com/ford. 4. Some features may be locked out while the vehicle is in gear. Not all features are compatible with all phones.
   5. Requires phone with active data service and compatible software. SYNC 3 does not control 3rd-party products while in use. 3rd parties
   are solely responsible for their respective functionality. 6. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, each sold separately by SiriusXM
   after the trial period. Service will automatically stop at the end of your trial unless a subscription is purchased. See the SiriusXM Customer
   Agreement at www.siriusxm.com for complete terms. Some services and features are subject to device capabilities and location availability.
   All fees, content and features are subject to change. 7. Availability varies by model and trim. See Specifications in this brochure for details.
 TAKE YOUR
 SEATS.
                                                                                                A




 When it comes to transporting people and their gear, the Transit Connect ®
 Passenger Wagon makes versatility a virtue. Different available seating and cargo
 layouts help you configure Transit Connect to your needs. Plus, we’ve made available
 plenty of features to help smooth the journey for driver and passengers alike.

 A. 3 DOORS OR 4
 Choose a rear liftgate or the available 180° swing-out rear cargo doors, either
 of which combines with the dual sliding side doors and a low step-in height to
 offer easy access to all.
 B. UPHOLSTERY CHOICES
 Ebony vinyl, available Palazzo Grey leather-trimmed, or available cloth seating
 in either shade.
 C. SEAT 6 OR 7                                                                                                                               B
 Standard 2nd-row bucket seats provide room for 6 with a convenient pass-
 through to the 3rd row. An available 60/40 split bench seat (shown) can replace
 the 2nd-row buckets, creating a 7-seat cabin.
 D. EXTRAS UP FRONT                                                                                                                                                                      E
 Available 6-way power driver and 4-way manual front-passenger heated seats
 with lumbar support.
                                                                                                                                                                                 C

 E. POWER ALL AROUND
 Keep lots of devices charged with the 110V/150W AC power outlet, 2 available
 smart-charging USB ports, and three 12V powerpoints inside Transit Connect
 Passenger Wagon.



                                                                                                                                                                                     D


                                                                                                                   PASSENGER WAGON TITANIUM LWB. Palazzo Grey seating.
                                                                                                                   Heated, 6-way power driver and 4-way manual front-passenger
                                                                                                                   seats. Leather-wrapped steering wheel and shifter knob.
Seat up to 5 (Available FLEET only)             Seat up to 6 (Standard)                 Seat up to 7 (Available)   SYNC® 3 with Navigation System. Available equipment.
                                                                                                                              B

                                                                                                                                                                                  SWITCH
                                                                                                                                                                                  IT UP.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Plans change – and the Transit Connect ® Passenger
                                                                                                                                                                                  Wagon adapts to help you keep pace. Thoughtful,
                                                                                                                                                                                  ingenious features assist you in ways you didn’t know
                                                                                                                                                                                  you needed until we created them. It’s another way
                                                                                               A                                                                                  this Built Ford Tough ® van is on the job and in your
                                                                                                                                                                                  corner every step of the way.

                                                                                                                                                                                  A. FULL-WIDTH OVERHEAD FRONT STORAGE SHELF
                                                                                                                                                                                  Helps keep you organized and informed with an
                                                                                                                                                                                  available sunglasses holder and observation mirror.
                                                                                                                                                                                  B. AVAILABLE PANORAMIC FIXED-GLASS
                                                                                                                                                                                  VISTA ROOF ®
                                                                                                                                                                                  Helps brighten every ride.
                                                                                                                                                                                  C. SPLIT THE DIFFERENCE
                                                                                                                                                                                  Take advantage of the split, fold-flat 2nd- and 3rd-row
                                                                                                                                                                                  seats to properly secure gear alongside your passengers
                                                                                                                                                                                  whenever you like.
                                                                                                                                                                                  D. EASY TO FOLD
                                                                                                                                                                                  Need to load supplies for your latest project, or bulky
                                                                                                                                                                                  sports equipment for your team? It’s easy to fold any –
                                                                                                              C                                                                   or all – of the rear seats flat.




                                                                                                                                      D
                                                                                                                                                                                  PASSENGER WAGON MAX. CARGO SPACE 1
                                                                                                                                                                                  43.3" TALL         106.0 CU. FT. BEHIND 1ST ROW
                                                                                                   OPEN IT UP
                                                                                                   Fold-down seats, dual sliding side doors, plus a rear liftgate (or available   47.0" WIDE          60.1 CU. FT. BEHIND 2ND ROW
                                                                                                   180° swing-out rear doors) let you easily access the cargo area.                                   24.9 CU. FT. BEHIND 3RD ROW
                                                                                                                                                                                                      with seats folded and in most
PASSENGER WAGON TITANIUM LWB. Blue Metallic. Available equipment. Properly secure all cargo.       1. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and weight distribution.                              forward position
                                                                        ROLL WITH
                                                                        CONFIDENCE.
                                                                        Changing lanes. Backing up. Finding the fastest route to your destination. Our extensive, well-rounded
                                                                        collection of standard and available Ford Co-Pilot360™ Technology features can help you with these everyday
                                                                        situations and so many more. Our advanced technologies are about supplementing your driving skills.1
                                                                        Helping you feel confidently in command on the road. With the most available Driver-Assist Technologies
                                                                        in its class, Transit Connect ® is clearly a smart move.



                                                                        FORD CO-PILOT360™ TECHNOLOGY

                                                                        STANDARD FEATURES

                                                                        • Hill Start Assist
                                                                                                                                       SCAN TO LEARN MORE
                                                                        • Class-exclusive Pre-Collision Assist with                    or visit Ford.com/Technology
                                                                          Automatic Emergency Braking                                  Data rates may apply.

                                                                        • Rain-Sensing Windshield Wipers
                                                                        • Rear View Camera
                                                                        • Side-Wind Stabilization


                                                                        AVAILABLE FEATURES

                                                                        • Auto High-Beam Headlamps
                                                                        • Class-exclusive BLIS® (Blind Spot Information System) with Cross-Traffic Alert
                                                                        • Class-exclusive Adaptive Cruise Control and Lane-Keeping System
CLASS-EXCLUSIVE                                                         • Class-exclusive Enhanced Active Park Assist 2
ADAPTIVE CRUISE CONTROL                                                 • Voice-Activated Touchscreen Navigation System

When activated, available Adaptive Cruise Control automatically keeps
a constant speed and a comfortable distance from the vehicle ahead,
without the driver having to work the accelerator or brake pedals.1     CARGO VAN XLT LWB. Frozen White. Black, power, heated sideview mirrors with power folding. Body-color front
It can also resume acceleration automatically.                          bumper and rear bumper end caps. Halogen fog lamps. Available equipment.
                                                                        1. Driver-assist features are supplemental and do not replace the driver’s attention, judgment and need to control the
                                                                        vehicle. It does not replace safe driving. See owner’s manual for details and limitations. 2. Passenger Wagon only.
GET TO
WORK.
As America’s best-selling small van,1 Transit Connect ® Cargo Van continues
to impress hardworking entrepreneurs with its comfortable interior, and
maneuverability that makes it ideal for use in tight spaces and urban areas.
Spec it your way with a choice of Short Wheelbase (SWB) or Long (LWB).
Each is Built Ford Tough ® with durable vinyl- or available cloth-trimmed
seats, plus plenty of options and aftermarket upfits. Add available glass to
the dual sliding side doors and 180° swing-out rear cargo doors if you’d like.
Or opt for the available rear liftgate. Backed by the knowledge we’ve gained
over more than 40 years of building America’s best-selling commercial vans,2
Transit Connect Cargo Vans are designed to help you concentrate on the
work of growing your business.




CARGO VAN XLT LWB. Frozen White. Black, power, heated sideview mirrors with
power folding. Body-color front bumper and rear bumper end caps. Halogen fog
lamps. Available and aftermarket upfit equipment.
1. Based on total U.S. reported sales (2020 CY). 2. Based on the total U.S. reported
sales (1979–2020 CY). Includes Ford E-Series,® formerly called Econoline, van and
chassis; Club Wagon; Transit Connect cargo van and passenger wagon; Transit ®
cargo van, passenger van and chassis.
                                          VALUE
                                          VERSATILITY.
                                          Whichever wheelbase you choose (SWB or LWB), Transit Connect ® Cargo Vans offer plenty of versatility. Every
                                          Cargo Van features convenient cargo tie-down hooks, near-vertical walls, and a durable, washable vinyl floor covering.
Available Composite Bulkhead Partitions   LWB models let you fold the passenger seat down for up to 145.8 cu. ft. of cargo space.1 You can also fit items up
                                          to 4' wide, 4' tall, or 9' long in LWB models.2 With SWB models, you can enjoy a nimble 38.3' curb-to-curb turning
                                          diameter. Take your business wherever it takes you in the Transit Connect.




                                          ADVERTISE
                                          ON THE
                                          DUAL SLIDING
                                          SIDE DOORS

                                          ROOF HEIGHT
                                          72.0"

                                          LENGTH
Fold-Flat Passenger Seat Back             LWB 190.0"
                                          SWB 174.2"

                                          STEP-IN HEIGHT
                                          UNDER 2'



                                                                          LWB 120.6"                      SWB 104.8"




                                          CARGO VAN XLT LWB. Frozen White. Ebony seating. SYNC ® 3. Wireless charging pad. Carpeted front and vinyl rear
                                          flooring. Dual sliding side doors. 180° swing-out rear cargo doors with available fixed glass and wipers. Rear cargo area
                                          light. Available equipment.
Low Step-In Height: Under 2'              1. Cargo and load capacities limited by weight and weight distribution. 2. Cargo length: 117.5" Cargo Van LWB (shown) with
                                          passenger seat folded down (101.7" SWB not shown).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      DIMENSIONS


FOCUS ON
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 S TANDARD F E ATURE S
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Passenger Wagon Cargo Van




UPFITS.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 MECHANICAL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    LWB             SWB       LWB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 15.8-gallon fuel tank
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Exterior (in.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 80-amp-hr heavy-duty battery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Wheelbase                     120.6            104.8      120.6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Length                        190.0            174.2      190.0            EcoMode and EcoCoach (n/a with 2.5L iVCT I-4 engine)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Height                        71.6             72.0       72.0             Electric power-assisted steering
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Width – Excluding mirrors     72.2             72.2       72.2             Front-wheel drive (FWD)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Width – Including mirrors     84.1             84.1       84.1             Full-size spare wheel and tire
What you do – and how you do it – is unique to you. Which is why we offer a full lineup of Transit Connect ®                                                                                                          Width – Mirrors folded        77.4             77.4       77.4             Suspension – Front: independent MacPherson-strut;
Passenger Wagons and Cargo Vans with modern practicality and exceptional versatility to suit your business                                                                                                            Track – Front                 61.4             61.4       61.4             rear: twist-beam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Track – Rear                  61.7             61.7       61.7
and personal needs. Built Ford Tough® straight from the factory, you can equip your Transit Connect to do                                                                                                             Overhang – Front              34.8             34.8       34.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Torque Vectoring Control
even more with upfits designed for your specific trade or requirements. We work with trusted brands to offer                                                                                                          Overhang – Rear               34.6             34.6       34.6             F O R D C O - P I L O T 3 6 0™ T E C H N O L O G Y
you a full line of available Racks & Bins, Adaptive Gear, Custom Graphics and so much more.                                                                                                                           Interior (in.)                                                             Hill Start Assist
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (1st/2nd/3rd row)                                                          Pre-Collision Assist with Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB)
Explore your options at fordupfits.com                                                                                                                                                                                Head room                     46.9/45.7/41.9   46.9/—/—   46.9/—/—         including Pedestrian Detection and Forward Collision Warning
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Leg room (max. 1st row)       42.3/37.6/35.0   41.5/—/—   41.5/—/—         Rain-Sensing Windshield Wipers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Hip room                      54.2/58.3/47.0   54.2/—/—   54.2/—/—         Rear View Camera
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Shoulder room                 57.6/58.5/56.3   57.6/—/—   57.6/—/—
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Side-Wind Stabilization
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Cargo Area (in.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Length – Front at floor                                                    INTERIOR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      behind 1st row                85.6             71.8       87.6             FordPass™ Connect 3 with 4G LTE Wi-Fi hotspot capability 4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Length – Front at beltline                                                 Overhead front storage shelf with grab handles
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      behind 1st row                76.5             61.3       77.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Length with front-passenger                                                Power door locks
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      seat folded                   —                101.7      117.5            Tilt/telescoping steering column
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Load floor height (curb)      22.4             23.0       22.9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Side cargo door                                                            E X TERIOR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      opening height                37.6             44.4       44.4             Daytime running lamps – Configurable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Side cargo door                                                            Easy Fuel® capless fuel filler
                                                                                                                                                   1. Maximum payload and towing capabilities are for properly        opening width                 32.8             24.2       32.8             Sideview mirrors with integrated blind spot mirrors
                                                                                                                                                   equipped base vehicles with required equipment and a 150-lb.       Rear cargo door
                                                                                                                                                   driver and vary based on cargo, vehicle configuration,             opening height                45.4             47.3       45.5             SAFE T Y & SECURIT Y
                                                                                                                                                   accessories and number of passengers. May require available        Rear cargo door                                                            AdvanceTrac™ with RSC® (Roll Stability Control™)
PLUMBING           GENERAL           ELECTRICAL          HEATING            CATERING         ACCESSIBILITY                                         options. Restrictions apply. See label on door jamb for carrying   opening width                 47.0             49.2       49.2             and Curve Control
                 CONTRACTING                           AND COOLING                                                                                 capacity of a specific vehicle. Cargo and load capacity            Width between wheelhouses     47.0             48.7       48.7             Driver and front-passenger front airbags5
                                                                                                                                                   limited by weight and weight distribution. See your dealer for     Height (max.)                 43.3             49.7       49.8
                                                                                                                                                   details. 2. Requires available Trailer Tow Package. 3. FordPass                                                                               Front-seat side airbags5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Capacities1
                                                                                                                                                   Connect, the FordPass App, and complimentary Connected                                                                                        Individual Tire Pressure Monitoring System (excludes spare)
                                                                                                                                                   Service are required for remote features (see FordPass Terms for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Passenger volume (cu. ft.)    167.1            63.2       63.2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Max. towing (lbs.)2           2,000            2,000      2,000            Safety Canopy® side-curtain airbags5
                                                                                                                                                   details). Connected service and features depend on compatible
                                                                                                                                                   AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular            Max. GVWR (lbs.)              5,420            5,130      5,302            SecuriLock® Passive Anti-Theft System
                                                                                                                                                   networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality and prevent    Max. payload (lbs.)           1,435            1,545      1,585
                                                                                                                                                   operation of connected features. Connected service excludes        Cargo Volume (cu. ft.)
                                                                                                                                                   Wi-Fi hotspot. 4. Wi-Fi hotspot includes complimentary wireless    Behind 1st row                106.0            104.8      127.4
                                                                                                                                                   data trial that begins upon AT&T activation and expires at
                                                                                                                                                   the end of 3 months or when 3GB of data is used, whichever
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Behind 1st row with
                                                                                                                         CARGO VAN XLT LWB.        comes first. To activate, go to www.att.com/ford. 5. Always
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      front-passenger seat folded   —                123.2      145.8      Best-in-class configurations shown bolded.
                                                                                                               Silver. Available and aftermarket   wear your safety belt, secure children in the rear seat, and       Behind 2nd row                60.1             —          —          LWB = Long Wheelbase SWB = Short Wheelbase Payload and towing
                                                                                                                               upfit equipment.    follow airbag warning label instructions.                          Behind 3rd row (min./max.)    16.3/24.9        —          —          are independent attributes and may not be achieved simultaneously.
PASSENGER WAGON
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  WHEELS                         E X TERIOR & INTERIOR


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              S: STANDARD
XL                                                                      XL                                                                    XL                                                                    XL                                                         O: OPTIONAL
XLT                                                                     XLT                                                                   XLT                                                                   XLT
TITANIUM                                                                TITANIUM                                                              TITANIUM                                                              TITANIUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1 Agate Black Metallic                         2 Magnetic Metallic
           ENGINES & TR ANSMISSIONS                                     S S S Dual front map lights and rear overhead courtesy light                     CONNEC TIVIT Y & ENTER TAINMENT                                        FLOORING
S S S 2.0L GDI I-4 engine with Auto Start-Stop Technology, 8-speed      S S S Dual sliding side doors                                         O S   SYNC® 3 with 6.5" LCD capacitive touchscreen, 911 Assist,®       S S S Carpet (all rows)
      SelectShift® automatic transmission, 162 hp @ 6,500 rpm           S S S Front floor console with closeable lid, 12V powerpoints (2),          AppLink,® Apple CarPlay® compatibility, Android Auto™              S S Carpeted floor mats (1st and 2nd rows)
      and 144 lb.-ft. of torque @ 4,500 rpm                                                                                                         compatibility, 2 smart-charging USB ports, and SiriusXM®                                                                                       16" Steel with Full Sparkle
                                                                              110V/150W AC power outlet and 2 cupholders                                                                                             O O   Vinyl (1st and 2nd rows)1
O     2.5L iVCT I-4 engine with 6-speed SelectShift automatic                                                                                       with 3-month All Access trial subscription2                                                                                                      Silver-Painted Covers
                                                                        S S S Rear liftgate with fixed glass, wiper and defroster                                                                                    O O   Vinyl (behind 2nd row)1                                                     XL, XLT Standard1         3 Silver                                       4 Frozen White
      transmission, 60-amp-hr battery, 169 hp @ 6,000 rpm and                                                                                 O O S SYNC 3 includes equipment above plus Voice-Activated
      171 lb.-ft. of torque @ 4,500 rpm (requires CNG/Propane             S S Acoustic-laminate windshield                                          Touchscreen Navigation System (includes SiriusXM Traffic         O O O Floor liners (1st and 2nd rows)1
      Gaseous Engine Prep Package)                                        S S Compass display                                                       and Travel Link® with 5-year subscription2), and Premium
                                                                                                                                                    Audio System with 9 speakers and HD Radio™ Technology                       PACK AGES
                                                                          S S Dual-zone electronic automatic temperature control
           MECHANICAL                                                                                                                         S     AM/FM stereo with Bluetooth® capability, 4.2" LCD screen,        O     CNG/Propane Gaseous Engine Prep Package
                                                                              and auxiliary 2nd-row climate controls
S S S Heavy-duty alternator (220-amp; requires 2.0L engine)                                                                                         1 USB port and 4 speakers                                              (requires 2.5L engine)
                                                                          S S Overhead front storage shelf with grab handles, sunglasses
  O S Intelligent Access with push-button start1                              holder and child observation mirror                             S S S 12V powerpoint in rear cargo area                                  O   XLT Premium Package:1 heated leather-trimmed 1st-                                                     5 Solar Silver Metallic                        6 Race Red
O O   Upfitter wiring harness1                                                                                                                                                                                             and 2nd-row seats, overhead aircraft-style mid-vehicle
                                                                          S S Sun visor mirrors                                               O S S Wireless charging pad1                                                 console, HID headlamps, 16" Dark Sparkle-painted
O O O Engine block heater                                               O S S Privacy glass (excludes 1st row)                                O     Single-CD player 1                                                     aluminum wheels and SYNC 3 with Navigation System
O O O Flex Fuel capability (FFV; requires 2.0L engine)                      S Leather-wrapped steering wheel and shifter knob                                                                                        O O O Smoker’s Package
                                                                                                                                                         SAFE T Y & SECURIT Y                                                                                                                      16" Sparkle Silver-Painted
O O O Tire inflator and sealant kit (in place of the full-size spare)       S Locking and illuminated glove box                                                                                                      O O O Trailer Tow Package:1 Class I trailer hitch receiver, trailer
                                                                                                                                              O S S MyKey® technology to help encourage responsible driving1                                                                                               Aluminum
                                                                        O     2 additional key fobs1                                                                                                                       wiring module, 4-pin connector, and Trailer Sway Control                                              7 Blue Metallic                                8 Sedona Orange Metallic
           F O R D C O - P I L O T 3 6 0™ T E C H N O L O G Y                                                                                 O O O Perimeter alarm1                                                                                                                              XL, XLT, TITANIUM Optional
S     Autolamp (Automatic On/Off Headlamps)                             O O   180° swing-out rear cargo doors with fixed glass and wipers                                                                                       F L E E T O N LY
                                                                        O O O Cargo net kit (vertical; divides seat from cargo area)1                    APPE AR ANCE
  S S Auto High-Beam Headlamps                                                                                                                                                                                       O     Flooring – Carpet (all rows; requires 2nd-row bench seat)
                                                                        O O O Overhead aircraft-style mid-vehicle console1                    S     3-bar black grille and surround with black bumpers and rear
S S S Pre-Collision Assist with Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB)                                                                                   bumper end caps; black door handles and bodyside moldings;       O     Speed limitation – 65-mph governed top speed
                                                                              (n/a with panoramic fixed-glass Vista Roof® or cargo net kit)                                                                                (n/a with MyKey)
S S S Rear Parking Sensors                                                                                                                          and black, manual sideview mirrors with manual folding
                                                                        O O O Quickclear™ electric windshield defroster; plus power,                                                                                 O     Speed limitation – 75-mph governed top speed
S S S Rear View Camera                                                        heated sideview mirrors1                                          S S 5-bar black grille with chrome surround, body-color bumpers                                                                                                                  9 Dark Blue 3                                  10 School Bus Yellow 3,4
                                                                                                                                                    and rear bumper end caps, and body-color door handles                  (n/a with MyKey)
  S S Lane-Keeping Aid                                                    O O Panoramic fixed-glass Vista Roof with power sunshade1                 and bodyside moldings                                            O O O 3rd-row seat delete1
O S S BLIS® (Blind Spot Information System) with Cross-Traffic Alert      O O Remote Start System (includes perimeter alarm)
      (includes power, heated sideview mirrors with power folding)                                                                            S S   Black headlamp bezels                                            O O O Ford Telematics™ (Ford data subscription)
O O O Front Parking Sensors                                                        SE ATING                                                       S Chrome headlamp bezels, front bumper and rear bumper molding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    16" Dark Sparkle-Painted
  O O Adaptive Cruise Control (includes Lane-Keeping System)            S     Vinyl-trimmed 1st row with 6-way manual driver seat with        S S   Headlamps – Halogen                                                                                                                                     Aluminum
    O Enhanced Active Park Assist (includes Front Parking Sensors)            manual lumbar, and 4-way manual front-passenger seat              O S Headlamps – HID                                                                                                                                XL, XLT, TITANIUM Optional
                                                                              with fold-flat back; 2nd-row fold-flat bucket seats; and          S   Fog lamps – Halogen                                                                                                                          XLT Premium Package Included
           COMFORT & CONVENIENCE                                              3rd-row 4-way manual fold-flat bucket seats                                                                                                                                                                                                        Ebony Vinyl / 1–10                       XL    Ebony Cloth / 1–10         XL
                                                                                                                                                O S Fog lamps – LED                                                 Colors are representative only.
S          1st- and 2nd-row power windows                                 S   Cloth-trimmed 1st row with 6-way power driver seat with
           with driver’s one-touch-up/-down feature                           manual lumbar, and 4-way manual front-passenger seat            O O   Fog lamps – Adaptive cornering halogen                          See your dealer for actual paint/trim options.
                                                                              with manual lumbar; 2nd-row fold-flat bucket seats; and               (includes Front Parking Sensors)                                1. Restrictions may apply. See your dealer for details. 2. All SiriusXM
    S S    1st- and 2nd-row power windows
           with one-touch-up/-down feature                                    3rd-row 4-way manual fold-flat bucket seats                         S Body-color, power, heated sideview mirrors with power folding   services require a subscription, each sold separately by SiriusXM after
                                                                          O S Leather-trimmed 1st and 2nd rows with 1st-row heated seats,       S   Black, power, heated sideview mirrors with power folding        the trial period. Service will automatically stop at the end of your
S          Day/night rearview mirror                                                                                                                                                                                trial unless a subscription is purchased. See the SiriusXM Customer
                                                                              6-way power driver seat with manual lumbar, and 4-way           O     Black, power, heated sideview mirrors with manual folding1                                                                                                                   Ebony Cloth / 1–8                       XLT    Palazzo Grey Cloth / 1–8   XLT
  S S      Auto-dimming rearview mirror                                       manual front-passenger seat with manual lumbar; and vinyl-                                                                            Agreement at www.siriusxm.com for complete terms. Some services
S S S      3rd-row windows with fixed glass                                   trimmed 3rd-row 4-way manual fold-flat bucket seats             O O O Daytime running lamps – Non-configurable                        and features are subject to device capabilities and location availability.
                                                                                                                                              O O O Roof-rack side rails1                                           All fees, content and features are subject to change. 3. XL Passenger
S S S      Cruise control                                               O S   Cloth-trimmed seating surfaces                                                                                                        Wagon only. 4. Fleet only. 5. Optional on XLT and included in the XLT
                                                                        O O O 2nd-row 60/40 split, fold-flat bench seat                       O O O Roof rack with crossbars1                                       Premium Package.                                                                   16" Premium Dark
                                                                                                                                              O O O Splash guards (front)                                           Horsepower and torque are independent attributes and may not be               Stainless-Painted Aluminum
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    achieved simultaneously.                                                         TITANIUM Standard1          Palazzo Grey Leather 5 / 1–8   XLT, TITANIUM
CARGO VAN
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        WHEELS                        E X TERIOR & INTERIOR


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     S: STANDARD
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      O: OPTIONAL
XL                                                                    XL                                                                XL                                                                  XL
XLT                                                                   XLT                                                               XLT                                                                 XLT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1 Agate Black Metallic         2 Silver
       ENGINES & TR ANSMISSIONS                                         S Compass display                                                     CONNEC TIVIT Y & ENTER TAINMENT                                       FLOORING
S S 2.0L GDI I-4 engine with Auto Start-Stop Technology, 8-speed        S Dual front map lights                                         O S SYNC® 3 with 6.5" LCD capacitive touchscreen, 911 Assist,®       S   Vinyl (front and rear)
    SelectShift® automatic transmission, 162 hp @ 6,500 rpm             S Front floor console with closeable lid, 12V powerpoint            AppLink,® Apple CarPlay® compatibility, Android Auto™              S Carpet and carpeted floor mats (front)
    and 144 lb.-ft. of torque @ 4,500 rpm                                                                                                   compatibility, 2 smart-charging USB ports, and SiriusXM®                                                                                    16" Steel with Full Sparkle
                                                                          and 2 cupholders                                                                                                                   O O Floor liners (front)
O O 2.5L iVCT I-4 engine with 6-speed SelectShift automatic                                                                                 with 3-month All Access trial subscription3                                                                                                   Silver-Painted Covers
                                                                        S Sun visor mirrors                                                                                                                    O Vinyl (front)1                                                             XL, XLT Standard          3 Frozen White                 4 Race Red
    transmission, 60-amp-hr battery, 169 hp @ 6,000 rpm and                                                                             O O SYNC 3 includes equipment above plus Voice-Activated
    171 lb.-ft. of torque @ 4,500 rpm (requires CNG/Propane           O S Cruise control                                                    Touchscreen Navigation System (includes SiriusXM Traffic
    Gaseous Engine Prep Package)                                                                                                            and Travel Link® with 5-year subscription3)                             PACK AGES
                                                                      O   2 additional key fobs1
                                                                                                                                                                                                             O O CNG/Propane Gaseous Engine Prep Package
                                                                      O O 2nd-row fixed-glass passenger-side window                     S   AM/FM stereo with Bluetooth® capability, 4.2" LCD screen,            (requires 2.5L engine)
       MECHANICAL                                                                                                                           1 USB port and 4 speakers
                                                                          with steel-mesh window guard
S S 150-amp alternator                                                                                                                                                                                       O O Smoker’s Package
                                                                      O O 2nd-row fixed-glass windows with steel-mesh window guards     S S 12V powerpoints (2: 1 front floor console, 1 rear cargo area)
O O Engine block heater                                                   (requires fixed rear-door glass)                                                                                                   O O Trailer Tow Package: Class I trailer hitch receiver, trailer                                         5 Dark Blue 4
                                                                                                                                        O S Wireless charging pad 1                                              wiring module, 4-pin connector, and Trailer Sway Control
O O Flex Fuel capability (FFV; requires 2.0L engine)                  O O 180° swing-out rear cargo doors with fixed glass and wipers   O   Single-CD player 1
O O Heavy-duty alternator (220-amp; requires 2.0L engine)             O O Composite bulkhead 2                                                                                                                      F L E E T O N LY
O O Tire inflator and sealant kit (in place of the full-size spare)                                                                           SAFE T Y & SECURIT Y                                           O O Ford Telematics™ (Ford data subscription)
                                                                      O O Composite bulkhead with window 2
O O Upfitter wiring harness (LWB)                                                                                                       O S MyKey® technology to help encourage responsible driving   1
                                                                                                                                                                                                             O O Speed limitation – 65-mph governed top speed
                                                                      O O Privacy glass (excludes front row)                                                                                                                                                                            16" Shadow Silver-Painted
                                                                                                                                        O O Perimeter alarm1                                                     (n/a with MyKey)                                                             Styled Steel
       FORD CO-PILOT 360™ TECHNOLOGY                                  O O Quickclear™ electric windshield defroster; plus power,
                                                                          heated sideview mirrors1                                                                                                           O O Speed limitation – 75-mph governed top speed                                  XL Optional
S S Pre-Collision Assist with Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB)                                                                               APPE AR ANCE
                                                                      O O Rear cargo area light – LED                                                                                                            (n/a with MyKey)
S S Rear View Camera                                                                                                                    S   3-bar black grille and surround with black bumpers and rear                                                                                                               Ebony Vinyl / 1–5        XL    Ebony Cloth / 1–5          XL
                                                                      O O Rear liftgate with fixed glass and wiper                          bumper end caps; black headlamp bezels; black bodyside
  S Auto High-Beam Headlamps                                                                                                                moldings and door handles; and black manual sideview mirrors
                                                                      O O Rear-window defroster
  S Lane-Keeping Aid                                                                                                                        with manual folding
                                                                        O Dual-zone electronic automatic temperature control
O S BLIS® (Blind Spot Information System) with Cross-Traffic Alert                                                                        S 3-bar black grille and surround; body-color front bumper and
    (includes power, heated sideview mirrors with power folding)1       O Remote Start System (includes perimeter alarm)                    rear bumper end caps; black headlamp bezels; black bodyside
O O Rear Parking Sensors                                                                                                                    moldings and door handles; black, power, heated sideview                                                                                                                  Ebony Cloth / 1–4        XLT   Palazzo Grey Cloth / 1–4   XLT
                                                                            SE ATING                                                        mirrors with power folding; and halogen fog lamps
  O Adaptive Cruise Control (includes Lane-Keeping System)            S S 6-way manual driver seat and 4-way manual front-passenger     S S Headlamps – Halogen
  O Front and Rear Parking Sensors                                        seat with fold-flat back
                                                                                                                                        O   Black, power, heated sideview mirrors with manual folding 1                                                                                 16" Dark Sparkle-Painted
                                                                      S   Vinyl-trimmed seating surfaces
       COMFORT & CONVENIENCE                                                                                                            O   Large, power, heated sideview mirrors with manual folding                                                                                          Aluminum
                                                                      O S Cloth-trimmed seating surfaces                                    (recommended for towing)
S   1st-row power windows with driver’s one-touch-down feature                                                                                                                                                                                                                              XL, XLT Optional
                                                                      O S Driver’s seat with manual lumbar                                O Body-color bodyside moldings; wide
  S 1st-row power windows with one-touch-up/-down feature
S   Day/night rearview mirror                                                                                                             O Fog lamps – Adaptive cornering halogen
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Colors are representative only.
O O Auto-dimming rearview mirror 1                                                                                                        O Fog lamps – LED                                                 See your dealer for actual paint/trim options.
S   Front floor console with 12V powerpoint and 2 cupholders                                                                              O Headlamps – HID                                                 1. Restrictions may apply. See your dealer for details. 2. Ford Licensed
S S Cargo tie-down hooks (4)                                                                                                            O O Daytime running lamps – Non-configurable                        Accessory. 3. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, each sold
S S Dual sliding side doors (no glass) and 180° swing-out rear                                                                          O O Roof-rack side rails                                            separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. Service will automatically
    cargo doors (no glass)                                                                                                                                                                                  stop at the end of your trial unless a subscription is purchased. See
                                                                                                                                        O O Roof rack with crossbars                                        the SiriusXM Customer Agreement at www.siriusxm.com for complete
S S Front dome light                                                                                                                    O O Splash guards (front)                                           terms. Some services and features are subject to device capabilities
S S Manual front air conditioning and heater                                                                                                                                                                and location availability. All fees, content and features are subject to
                                                                                                                                                                                                            change. 4. XL Cargo Van only.                                               16" Sparkle Silver-Painted
S S Rear cargo area light – Halogen
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Horsepower and torque are independent attributes and may not be                    Aluminum
                                                                                                                                                                                                            achieved simultaneously.                                                          XLT Optional
                                                                                                                               A                                               B


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                INCREASE YOUR PRODUCTIVITY.                                                                                                                                                       EPA-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ESTIMATED
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                FORD TELEMATICS™ ESSENTIALS 3,4 is our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                complimentary software solution that has an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          AVAILABLE FORD TELEMATICS Fleet Management Software4,6 lets you monitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          where your vehicles go, how they’re used, how well they’re running and more.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  RATINGS
                                                                                                                               C                                               D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Actual mileage will vary.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                intuitive, easy-to-read dashboard providing                               These insights can give you more time to focus on the rest of your business. Or use
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                valuable insights about your fleet vehicles.                              available Ford Data Services™4,6 to access data through your business system or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          other telematics service providers. We can help you get the data you need the way                       2.0L GDI I-4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                • Vehicle Health data such as odometer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          you prefer. Learn more at commercialsolutions.ford.com.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  readings, Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs),
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  oil life, engine hours and recalls                                                                                                                                                            24 CITY MPG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                • Remote lock/unlock capability 5                                                                                                                                                   PW          28 HWY MPG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (available fall 2021)                                                                                                                                                                         26 COMB MPG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                • Software Updates Manager helps you
                                                                                                                                    S H O P T H E C O M P L E T E C O L L E C T I O N | accessories.ford.com                      maximize uptime (available early 2022)                                   Driver behavior insights            Vehicle fuel monitoring             Live GPS tracking and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           help identify coaching               can help you identify             geofencing capabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                24 CITY MPG
                                                                                                                                    A. Floor liners                                 B. Trailer hitch                            To take advantage of this complimentary
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           opportunities that may                 ways to reduce                     can help you keep
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    CV          27 HWY MPG
      PASSENGER WAGON XLT LWB in Silver accessorized with keyless entry keypad, Remote Start System,                                                                                                                            offer, sign up today at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          reduce waste or improve                waste and improve                  track of the vehicles
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                25 COMB MPG
      side window deflectors,1 molded splash guards, and roof crossbars and cargo box 1,2                                           C. Cargo area protector                         D. Dash cam systems 1                       fleetaccount.ford.com/customer-signup.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              driving practices.                    efficiencies.                       in your fleet.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2.5L iVCT I-4
Ford Credit.®Get the ride you want. Whether you plan to lease            Ford Licensed Accessories (FLA) are warranted by the                         New Vehicle Limited Warranty. We want your Ford Transit
or buy, Ford Credit has the option that’s right for you. Ask your Ford   accessory manufacturer’s warranty. FLA are designed and developed            Connect ownership experience to be the best it can be. Under              1. Ford Licensed Accessory. 2. Consult owner’s manual for details on roof-rack load limits. 3. Available on Ford vehicles with embedded modem. Requires modem
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                activation and agreement to digital terms and conditions. Complimentary access will exist for the life of the vehicle or the life of the product. 4. Connected service and                      20 CITY MPG
Dealer for details or visit us online at ford.com/finance.               by the accessory manufacturer and have not been designed or                  this warranty, your new vehicle comes with 3-year/36,000-mile             features, and access to vehicle data depend on subscription and compatible AT&T network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may                  PW          26 HWY MPG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                22 COMB MPG
                                                                         tested to Ford Motor Company engineering requirements. Contact               bumper-to-bumper coverage (whichever comes first), 5-year/                limit functionality and prevent operation of connected features. 5. Remote lock/unlock requires power door locks. 6. Available on vehicles with embedded modem or
Ford Insure. Insurance that lets you earn discounts for safe                                                                                                                                                                    equipped with plug-in device (PID). Requires modem activation. Ford Telematics and Ford Data Services are subscription services subject to agreement to FSM terms
driving, offering a maximum discount of 40% off your auto insurance.     your Ford Dealer for details and/or a copy of all limited warranties.        60,000-mile Powertrain Warranty coverage (whichever comes                 and conditions. Subscription subject to monthly charge. Subject to OFAC and credit check for subscription eligibility.
Ford Insure works with your 2022 Transit Connect® to gauge               Ford Original Accessories. They’re warranted for whichever                   first), 5-year/60,000-mile safety restraint coverage (whichever           Ford and Oval Device, 911 Assist, AdvanceTrac, AppLink, BLIS, Built Ford Proud, Built Ford Tough, Easy Fuel, Ford Co-Pilot360, Ford Credit, Ford Data Services, Ford Protect,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Ford Telematics, FordPass, FordPass. Built to Keep You Moving., MyKey, Quickclear, Roll Stability Control, RSC, Safety Canopy, SecuriLock, SelectShift, SYNC, Transit
driving habits and calculate a discount based on how you drive.          provides you the greatest benefit: 24 months/unlimited mileage,              comes first), and 5-year/unlimited-mile corrosion perforation             Connect, Vista Roof and related marks are trademarks of Ford Motor Company.                                                                                                                     20 CITY MPG
Visit fordinsure.com to learn more.                                      or the remainder of your Bumper-to-Bumper 3-year/36,000-mile                 (aluminum panels do not require perforation) coverage (whichever          Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android Auto is a trademark of Google LLC. HD Radio is a proprietary trademark of           CV          26 HWY MPG
American Road Services Company LLC (a Ford affiliate) is the             (whichever comes first) New Vehicle Limited Warranty.                        comes first) – all with no deductible. Please ask your Ford Dealer        iBiquity Digital Corporation. SiriusXM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. The Bluetooth word mark is a trademark of the Bluetooth SIG, Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                22 COMB MPG
                                                                                                                                                      for a copy of this limited warranty.                                      Comparisons based on competitive models (class is Small Vans), publicly available information and Ford certification data at time of release. Vehicles may be shown
licensed insurance agency offering Ford Insure and is underwritten       Ford Protect™ Extended Service Plans. Whether you                                                                                                      with optional and aftermarket equipment. Features may be offered only in combination with other options or subject to additional ordering requirements/limitations.
by Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company and affiliates. Home              purchase or lease your Ford vehicle, insist on genuine Ford Protect          Roadside Assistance. Covers your vehicle for 5 years or                   Dimensions and capacity ratings shown may vary due to optional features and/or production variability. Information is provided on an “as is” basis and could include
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                technical, typographical or other errors. Ford makes no warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to, accuracy,       PW = PASSENGER WAGON
Office: Columbus, OH. Ford Motor and Ford Credit are not insurance       extended service plans. Ford Protect has a variety of plans to give          60,000 miles (whichever comes first), so you have the security of         currency, or completeness, the operation of the information, materials, content, availability, and products. Ford reserves the right to change product specifications,
                                                                                                                                                      knowing that help may be only a phone call away should you run            pricing and equipment at any time without incurring obligations. Your Ford Dealer is the best source of the most up-to-date information on Ford vehicles.                         CV = CARGO VAN
companies or agents. Subject to underwriting guidelines, review          you peace-of-mind protection whether you want vehicle component
and approval. Details and availability varies; program criteria differ   or maintenance coverage. Plus, they are fully backed by Ford and             out of fuel, lock yourself out of the vehicle or need a winch back to
in California. Discounts do not apply to all coverage elements;          honored at all Ford dealerships in the U.S., Canada and Mexico.              a paved road, a battery jump start or towing. Your Ford Dealer can
actual savings vary by state, coverage selections, rating factors        When you visit your dealer, insist on genuine Ford Protect extended          provide complete details on all of these advantages.
and policy changes.                                                      service plans.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ford.com/transitconnect
From day one, we had the future in mind. And over 118 years later, we continue that
tradition of innovation. Ford Co-Pilot360™ Technology is helping push us closer to
autonomous driving. The latest generation of voice-activated SYNC® fosters untethered
communication. And our fully electric vehicles – the all-new 2022 Ford F-150 Lightning ®
pickup and the Mustang Mach-E® SUV – are charging across America.

We’ve always had our mind on the future. Now we’re building it.




22TCNPDF                                                                                                        ©2021 Ford Motor Company




                                        FordPass.
                                        Built to Keep You Moving.™
                         Meet FordPass.™ The app that lets you access complimentary
                         remote features including start/stop and lock/unlock, monitor
                                                                                                                SCAN TO DOWNLOAD
                         your fuel level and oil life,1 and puts Rewards, Roadside Assistance2                   or visit FordPass.com
                         and more in the palm of your hand.                                                      Data rates may apply.




                         1. FordPass Connect, the FordPass App, and complimentary Connected Service are required for remote
                         features (see FordPass Terms for details). Connected service and features depend on compatible AT&T
                         network availability. Evolving technology/cellular networks/vehicle capability may limit functionality
                         and prevent operation of connected features. Connected service excludes Wi-Fi hotspot. 2. Roadside
                         Assistance is included for certain owners and available to everyone for a per-service fee. Ford reserves
                         the right to change program details without obligations. Ford Roadside Assistance is a complimentary
                         offering to all Ford owners for up to 5 years or 60,000 miles (from the date of sale), whichever comes first.
